Let's try something.
Let's do it.
Let's try it.
Let's have a try.
Let's have a look.
Let's give it a try.
Let's try!
Let's give it a try!
Let's try and see!
I have to go to sleep.
I have to go to bed.
We should go to sleep.
What are you doing?
What is it?
What is this?
What's this?
Today is June 18th and it is Muiriel's birthday!
It's 18th June today, and also Muiriel's birthday!
Happy birthday, Muiriel!
Muiriel is 20 now.
Muiriel has turned twenty.
The password is "Muiriel".
I will be back soon.
I'll return immediately.
I have no idea.
I don't know.
I do not know.
I'm at a loss for words.
This is never going to end.
I just don't know what to say.
That was an evil bunny.
I was in the mountains.
Is it a recent picture?
I don't know if I have the time.
I don't know whether I have time or not.
For some reason the microphone didn't work earlier.
Everyone must learn on their own in the end.
Education in this world disappoints me.
It is a difficult task, choosing what is "right" or "wrong", but you have to do it.
That won't change anything.
This will cost €30.
I make €100 a day.
I may give up soon and just nap instead.
That won't happen.
I will try not to interrupt you while you are studying.
Don't worry.
I miss you.
I'll call them tomorrow when I come back.
I always liked mysterious characters more.
You should sleep.
I'm going to go.
I told them to send me another ticket.
I can't live that kind of life.
I once wanted to be an astrophysicist.
I never liked biology.
It is unfortunately true.
Most people think I'm crazy.
No I'm not; you are!
That's MY line!
He's kicking me!
Are you sure?
Really?
Then there is a problem...
Oh, there's a butterfly!
Hurry up.
If I could be like that...
Are you freaking kidding me?!
When I grow up, I want to be a king.
I'm so fat.
So what?
I will shoot him.
That's because you're a girl.
I'd be unhappy, but I wouldn't kill myself.
Back in high school, I got up at 6 a.m. every morning.
Why do you ask?
How long did you stay?
I didn't know where it came from.
This is not important.
It's not important.
Where is the problem?
What is the problem?
Stop seeing me as a "normal" person!
Don't treat me as common people.
All that which is invented, is true.
To be surprised, to wonder, is to begin to understand.
There's no doubt that the universe is infinite.
There's no doubt: the universe is infinite.
To be perfect she lacked just one defect.
And yet, the contrary is always true as well.
We don't see things as they are, but as we are.
The world is a den of crazies.
This world is just an insane asylum.
My name is Jack.
My name's Jack.
Love is never wasted.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Not wanting is the same as having.
Merry Christmas!
Rome wasn't built in a day.
Rome was not built in a day.
Which country are you from?
What country are you from?
The password is "Muiriel".
This is never going to end.
I just don't know what to say.
You're in better shape than I am.
You are in my way.
I can only wonder if this is the same for everyone else.
I suppose it's different when you think about it over the long term.
I miss you.
I miss you.
I can't live that kind of life.
The last person I told my idea to thought I was nuts.
That's MY line!
Are you sure?
Hurry up.
Hurry up.
It doesn't surprise me.
For some reason I feel more alive at night.
It depends on the context.
It depends on the context.
That's the stupidest thing I've ever said.
That's the stupidest thing I've ever said.
I'm not a real fish, I'm just a mere plushy.
I'm just saying!
I've always wondered what it'd be like to have siblings.
It would take forever for me to explain everything.
It would take forever for me to explain everything.
I may be antisocial, but it doesn't mean I don't talk to people.
I thought you liked to learn new things.
In order to do that, you have to take risks.
Innocence is a beautiful thing.
I don't want to lose my ideas, even though some of them are a bit extreme.
That is intriguing.
If anyone was to ask what the point of the story is, I really don't know.
This is not important.
I didn't like it.
She's asking how that's possible.
I wish I could go to Japan.
I wish I could go to Japan.
I have to go to bed.
It may freeze next week.
Even though he apologized, I'm still furious.
Even though he apologized, I'm still furious.
Thanks for having explained to me at last why people take me for an idiot.
That wasn't my intention.
That wasn't my intention.
Thanks for your explanation.
I don't know what you mean.
I don't know what you mean.
If I wanted to scare you, I would tell you what I dreamt about a few weeks ago.
I don't like it when mathematicians who know much more than I do can't express themselves explicitly.
I need to ask you a silly question.
I wouldn't have thought I would someday look up "Viagra" in Wikipedia.
No one will know.
No one will know.
I like candlelight.
What did you answer?
You never have class or what?!
I will play Sudoku then instead of continuing to bother you.
I love you.
I love you.
I don't like you anymore.
I am curious.
Congratulations!
Congratulations!
Congratulations!
I don't want to wait that long.
Why don't you come visit us?
I shouldn't have logged off.
It is inevitable that I go to France someday, I just don't know when.
I hate chemistry.
I didn't want this to happen.
I have nothing better to do.
I can't explain it either.
I can't explain it either.
Everyone has strengths and weaknesses.
How could I be a robot? Robots don't dream.
It's not something anyone can do.
I don't know if I still have it.
What do you think I've been doing?
Don't underestimate my power.
Don't underestimate my power.
My mom doesn't speak English very well.
I was wondering if you were going to show up today.
How do you find food in outer space?
All you can do is trust one another.
Everyone wants to meet you. You're famous!
Foreign people intrigue me.
I don't have anyone who'd travel with me.
You're not fast enough.
Life is hard, but I am harder.
I don't speak Japanese.
I don't speak Japanese.
I don't speak Japanese.
Nobody understands me.
Nobody understands me.
I learned to live without her.
I have too many things on my mind these days.
I just wanted to check my email.
You can't expect me to always think of everything!
You really don't have the right priorities!
Don't expect others to think for you!
Don't expect others to think for you!
It's no use pretending to make me believe that I believe things you don't believe!
It would take me too much time to explain to you why it's not going to work.
Are you referring to me?
It can't be!
It can't be!
I wish I could care more about my grades but it seems that, at a certain point of my life, I decided they wouldn't be so important anymore.
Would you like something to drink?
"Who is it?" "It's your mother."
"When will you be back?" "It all depends on the weather."
"When will you be back?" "It all depends on the weather."
"What's going on in the cave? I'm curious." "I have no idea."
"What's going on in the cave? I'm curious." "I have no idea."
"To tell you the truth, I am scared of heights." "You are a coward!"
"Trust me," he said.
"This is what I was looking for!" he exclaimed.
"The phone is ringing." "I'll get it."
"The phone is ringing." "I'll get it."
"She likes music." "So do I."
It may be that the happiness awaiting us is not at all the sort of happiness we would want.
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not.
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not.
Class doesn't begin until eight-thirty.
"I feel like playing cards." "So do I."
Allen is a poet.
Communism will never be reached in my lifetime.
In the 1950's, the Finns were cited as having one of the least healthy diets in the world.
If you see a mistake, then please correct it.
If you see a mistake, then please correct it.
The Germans are very crafty.
The Germans are very crafty.
If you don't eat, you die.
How do you spell "pretty"?
How do you spell "pretty"?
Why don't we go home?
I'm sorry, I can't stay long.
"Why aren't you going?" "Because I don't want to."
"Why aren't you going?" "Because I don't want to."
One million people lost their lives in the war.
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.
When you're beginning to look like the photo in your passport, you should go on a holiday.
With so many people around he naturally became a bit nervous.
You're an angel!
People from Madrid are weird.
Well, the night is quite long, isn't it?
You're lucky because he didn't bite you.
Did you miss me?
Are they all the same?
Thank you very much!
Thank you very much!
Where are the eggs, please?
I'll take him.
It's a surprise.
That's a good idea!
Round trip? Only one-way.
They say love is blind.
How long does it take to get to the station?
This will be a good souvenir of my trip around the United States.
Excuse me; allow me to point out three errors in the above article.
It is difficult to keep up a conversation with someone who only says "yes" and "no".
It is difficult to keep up a conversation with someone who only says "yes" and "no".
Do you speak Italian?
Do you speak Italian?
It is said that "Hamlet" is the most interesting play ever written.
May I ask a question?
It's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.
You'll forget about me someday.
You'll forget about me someday.
That is rather unexpected.
I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you.
Nothing is achieved without effort.
Many people drift through life without a purpose.
Life without love is just totally pointless.
Do you have a condom?
Do whatever he tells you.
I can walk to school in 10 minutes.
It took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of English.
May I talk to Ms. Brown?
What do you want?
Paris is the most beautiful city in the world.
Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.
I have a dream.
This is my friend Rachel. We went to high school together.
You look stupid.
My name is Jack.
I like it very much.
How do you say that in Italian?
I have to go shopping. I'll be back in an hour.
Is it far from here?
Is it far from here?
These things aren't mine!
Would you like to dance with me?
It's not my fault!
I'd like to stay for one night.
Where are the showers?
Open your mouth!
I have lost my wallet.
He's very sexy.
He's very sexy.
"Pass me the salt, please." "Here you are."
There are too many things to do!
My parents keep arguing about stupid things. It's so annoying!
Better to be hated for who you are than loved for who you're not.
Mathematics is the part of science you could continue to do if you woke up tomorrow and discovered the universe was gone.
My eyes are an ocean in which my dreams are reflected.
Look at me when I talk to you!
I don't know what to say to make you feel better.
This is not my type.
I was trying to kill time.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
Who wants some hot chocolate?
When do we arrive?
The check, please.
I have a headache.
I have a headache.
I must admit that I snore.
How are you? Did you have a good trip?
I don't feel well.
Call the police!
Call the police!
It's too expensive!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
"If you're tired, why don't you go to sleep?" "Because if I go to sleep now I will wake up too early."
When the body is touched, receptors in the skin send messages to the brain causing the release of chemicals such as endorphins.
Half a million children still face malnutrition in Niger.
Computers make people stupid.
When you're trying to prove something, it helps to know it's true.
If you don't understand something, it's because you aren't aware of its context.
The past can only be known, not changed. The future can only be changed, not known.
Anything that can be misunderstood will be.
Any universe simple enough to be understood is too simple to produce a mind able to understand it.
The train from Geneva will arrive at the station.
I'm starving!
I'm starving!
I am married and have two children.
I am married and have two children.
You don't know who I am.
Why don't you eat vegetables?
I'm undressing.
There are no real visions.
There's no point saying "Hi, how are you?" to me if you have nothing else to say.
In a dictionary like this one there should be at least two sentences with "fridge".
Creationism is a pseudo-science.
The wind calmed down.
A democrat is a free citizen who yields to the will of the majority.
Where there's a will, there's a way.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
Silence gives consent.
Wine is poetry filled in bottles.
That was the best day of my life.
I don't understand German.
I made my decision.
I give you my word.
Mathematicians are poets, except that they have to prove what their fantasy creates.
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don't.
Don't worry, be happy!
I don't like learning irregular verbs.
Take a book and read it.
He's already a man.
I'm afraid to fall.
It's cold.
I'm thirsty.
Give him an inch and he'll take a yard.
You didn't tell him anything?
You're irresistible.
Could you call again later, please?
At the age of six he had learned to use the typewriter and told the teacher that he did not need to learn to write by hand.
Life is beautiful.
Life is beautiful.
Life is beautiful.
I can't take it anymore! I haven't slept for three days!
I can't take it anymore! I haven't slept for three days!
He doesn't want you to tell him about your sex life.
He doesn't want you to tell him about your sex life.
Have you ever eaten a banana pie?
Why would you marry a woman if you like men?
If you can't have children, you could always adopt.
Hey, look, a three-headed monkey!
It's a pity that you can't buy miracles like you would buy potatoes.
Prime numbers are like life; they are completely logical, but impossible to find the rules for, even if you spend all your time thinking about it.
This baby penguin is too cute!
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
I don't want to go to school.
It is raining.
It is raining.
I was planning on going to the beach today, but then it started to rain.
She's really smart, isn't she?
Liberty consists of being able to make everything as harmless as possible.
Every opinion is a mixture of truth and mistakes.
Every opinion is a mixture of truth and mistakes.
If two men always have the same opinion, one of them is unnecessary.
Tomorrow, I'm going to study at the library.
We won the battle.
Hello? Are you still here?
I watched TV this morning.
I slept a little during lunch break because I was so tired.
I started learning Chinese last week.
It is easier to hit on people on the Internet than in the street.
Someday I will buy a cotton candy machine.
It's practical to have a laptop.
Your glasses fell on the floor.
How many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror?
We went to London last year.
She doesn't want to talk about it.
It doesn't mean anything!
Close the door when you leave.
If there's no solution, then there's no problem.
If there's no solution, then there's no problem.
Despite Trang's constant affirmations of love, Spenser is still afraid someday she will fall out of love with him.
You met him at the university?
Aaah!! My computer is broken!
Yes, it happens from time to time.
To him, hunger was an abstract concept; he always had enough to eat.
Even people who don't believe in the Catholic church venerate the Pope as a symbolic leader.
There was always too much superfluous writing in his essays.
His essay gave only a superficial analysis of the problem, so it was a real surprise to him when he got the highest grade in the class.
It depends what you mean by "believe" in God.
If I gave no answer, I would not have spoken.
Food and drink were served in such profusion at the wedding that the bride and groom began to wonder if they should not have invited more guests.
Blind people sometimes develop a compensatory ability to sense the proximity of objects around them.
Even now, many years after the Cold War, there is still much rancor between the Russians and the Germans, especially in areas once occupied by the Soviet Union.
Shocked by the events of September 11th, politicians all over the world condemned the terrorists for their reprehensible deed.
I would like to retract my previous statement.
Peter was an altruistic video game player; he would give items to people who needed them, rather than selling them for personal profit.
Even if your sentences were actually senseless, you at least have the luck to be able to form beautiful sentences.
I like my job very much.
Sometimes hockey players get so competitive that fights break out.
I find words with concise definitions to be the easiest to remember.
The news article painted the defendant as a guilty man, even though he had been proven innocent.
The politician pushed for reform by denouncing the corruption of the government officials.
I dreamt about you.
I won't lose!
I think I'm gonna sneeze. Give me a tissue.
I've changed my website's layout.
I've changed my website's layout.
When we are small, everything seems so big.
He won't beat me.
I have to do laundry while it's still sunny.
Stop criticizing me!
How many sandwiches are there left?
How many sandwiches are there left?
It's driving me crazy.
It's all dark outside.
Never try to die.
I am too old for this world.
Life begins when we realize who we really are.
It is never too late to learn.
It's just five in the morning, but nevertheless it is light out.
It's just five in the morning, but nevertheless it is light out.
He told me the story of his life.
What are you talking about?
I want a piece of candy.
The police are really good at understanding "Someone stole my credit card and ran up a lot of charges." It's a lot harder to get them to buy into "Someone stole my magic sword."
When are we eating? I'm hungry!
I have class tomorrow.
I can't believe it!
"Thank you." "You're welcome."
Winter is my favorite season.
I spent twelve hours on the train.
She got sick this weekend.
Hold on, someone is knocking at my door.
He's sleeping like a baby.
I want a massage. I need to relax.
You're sick. You have to rest.
There's a secret path on the left.
She's asking for the impossible.
He disappeared without a trace.
He disappeared without a trace.
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees.
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees.
Everyone would like to believe that dreams can come true.
The world doesn't revolve around you.
Are you saying my life is in danger?
This place has a mysterious atmosphere.
I look forward to hearing your thoughts on this matter.
My life is hollow without him.
I don't want to fail my exams.
I don't want to fail my exams.
I don't want to fail my exams.
I don't want to fail my exams.
I don't want to fail my exams.
My mother bought two bottles of orange juice.
She was wearing a black hat.
We made pancakes for breakfast.
I want to be more independent.
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail.
My heart was filled with happiness.
He wishes to erase bad memories.
I don't want to hear any more of your complaining.
I don't have the strength to keep trying.
I'm tired of eating fast food.
I'm tired of eating fast food.
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired.
I can't wait to go on a vacation.
Where is the bathroom?
Each person is a world.
I'm going to buy myself a new camera, digital this time.
I'm crazy about you.
I don't know what is worse.
Life in prison is worse than the life of an animal.
I am proud to be a part of this project.
Who buys this type of art?
What... you still don't know how to drive?
Have you got a beard already?
I created a shortcut on the desktop.
I want an MP3 player!
At this rate, we're not likely to be done before the end of the week.
Where are you?
He will make you eat dirt.
He has just published an interesting series of articles.
No way!
No way!
It's a dead end.
When I was your age, Pluto was a planet.
The elevators in a skyscraper are vital systems.
Cheese is a solid food made from the milk of cows, goats, sheep, and other mammals.
I usually take a shower in the evening.
He spent the evening reading a book.
If I don't do it now, I never will.
Good night. Sweet dreams.
This song is so moving that it brings tears to my eyes.
There are a lot of things you don't know about my personality.
There are a lot of things you don't know about my personality.
Perhaps you are right, I have been selfish.
Everyone deserves a second chance.
If you do not have this program, you can download it now.
I'm running out of ideas.
Check that your username and password are written correctly.
Goodbyes are always sad.
Don't forget about us!
Open the cupboard to the left, the bottles are in there.
I suggest that we go out on Friday.
That way I kill two birds with one stone.
The tap is running.
Please tell us where there is a spice shop.
I am four months pregnant.
I've got a pacemaker.
Can I pay by credit card?
I feed my cat every morning and every evening.
Could you please repeat that?
I need your advice.
I'm getting ready for the worst.
Why did you wake me up to tell me something that big? Now, I'll never be able to concentrate on my work!
Where is your twenty? I'll give you five bucks for it.
There are things in this world which simply cannot be expressed in the form of words.
Take good care of yourself.
The second half of a man's life is made up of nothing but the habits he has acquired during the first half.
On May 18, a young Japanese couple was arrested after their one-year-old baby was found wrapped in a plastic bag and dumped in a gutter.
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn't be called research, would it?
To the man who only has a hammer in the toolkit, every problem looks like a nail.
That's the thing about people who think they hate computers. What they really hate is lousy programmers.
Hope is not a strategy.
Do you have a pen on you?
Whose is this?
Since Mario lied to me, I don't speak to him anymore.
It's a good deal.
Pick up your things and go away.
Put your hands down!
He laughs best who laughs last.
The sooner, the better.
He doesn't look his age.
Do you like rap?
I love trips.
It's not important.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I was about to go out when the phone rang.
People should understand that the world is changing.
Speech is silver, but silence is golden.
Fifty-two per cent of British women prefer chocolate to sex.
I don't like these remarks.
Why do you want to leave today?
I'm going to take my car.
People will accept your idea much more readily if you tell them Benjamin Franklin said it first.
Better late than never.
Better late than never.
Like father, like son.
The early bird catches the worm.
In life there are ups and downs.
All cats are grey in the dark.
No news is good news.
If you think education is expensive, wait till you see what ignorance costs you.
I was expecting it!
I don't expect anything from you.
People who will lie for you, will lie to you.
There's no doubt.
There isn't any solution.
I didn't know he drank so much.
It's well done.
He's a good person.
He's a good person.
Enjoy your meal!
There's no love without jealousy.
There's no love without jealousy.
No love is foul nor prison fair.
We are cut from the same cloth.
The walls have ears.
The walls have ears.
I've got a frog in my throat.
Make yourself at home.
Why aren't you coming with us?
Don't listen to him, he's talking nonsense.
We are sorry, the person you are trying to contact is not available.
I don't want it anymore.
He came several times.
I'm going to take a bath.
It was raining when we left, but by the time we arrived, it was sunny.
I don't know if he would have done it for me.
Would you like to come?
I knew he would accept.
I thought it was true.
This is the town I told you about.
I have to give back the book before Saturday.
They quarreled.
I ate caviar.
You took the wrong key.
How much is it?
How much is it?
How much is it?
Here is your change.
Did you leave a tip?
Don't forget the ticket.
I'm sorry, I don't have change.
The situation is worse than we believed.
They don't even know why.
I want you to tell me the truth.
I want you to tell me the truth.
You arrived at the moment I left.
Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy.
I talked to friends.
The film lasted 2 hours.
I'm glad to see you back.
I'm glad to see you back.
Tell me what happened.
Tell me what happened.
How beautiful you are!
It's more difficult than you think.
He told me he would go to Venice.
Who are those guys?
I don't agree with him.
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
It seems to me that the train is late.
I don't know if I'll have time to do it.
Wolves won't usually attack people.
"Can somebody help me?" "I will."
I hope he'll be able to come! I'd like to see him.
Her garden is a work of art.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
We're going to eat a lot tonight so I hope you're not on a diet.
For once in my life I'm doing a good deed... And it is useless.
You ask me to do the impossible.
I brought you a little something.
You are no better at remembering things than I am.
You are as tall as I am.
You have the same racket as I have.
Tell me about it!
Maria has long hair.
I have to take medicine.
It happened a long time ago.
Where have you been?
Here comes the bride!
It's been snowing all night.
It's been ten years since we last met.
If you don't want to stay alone, I can keep you company.
How come you know so much about Japanese history?
She's selling drugs at concerts.
Turn right at the crossroad.
They forgot to lock the door.
He was born on July 28th, 1888.
Will you listen to me for a few minutes?
How did your interview go?
I'm going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp.
I have to write a letter. Do you have some paper?
I have to write a letter. Do you have some paper?
Could you do me a favour please?
She is mad at me.
I can't believe my eyes.
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.
You are to come with me.
You have to come with me.
I have seen the film before.
I've already seen the film.
Can you do bookkeeping?
You have no sense of direction.
You should know better than to ask a lady her age.
You shouldn't do things by halves.
You should pay your rent in advance.
You should take care of your sick mother.
You have to learn standard English.
You are not at all wrong.
I have a feeling you'll be a very good lawyer.
You are tired, aren't you?
Are you not tired?
Are you not tired?
You look tired. You ought to rest for an hour or two.
You are too sensitive to criticism.
You can rely on him.
I think that you ought to apologize to her.
Did you meet her?
Did you fall in love with her at first sight?
You told her that you had finished the work three days before.
Are you aware of how much she loves you?
I think you had better call on him.
You must be careful not to make him angry.
You are selling him short.
Are you younger than him?
You must take his age into account.
Are you for or against his idea?
You must pay attention to his advice.
You should have accepted his advice.
You may make use of his library.
All you have to do is follow his advice.
You should have helped him with his work.
You should pay more attention to what he says.
You must pay attention to him.
You should pay more attention to his warnings.
You should tell him the truth.
You should tell him the truth.
You ought to ask him for advice.
Didn't you write a letter to him?
You ought to thank him.
You can trust him to keep his word.
Do you know who he is?
You work as hard as he did at your age.
Have you ever seen him swimming?
Didn't you know that he passed away two years ago?
You should get your hair cut.
You should get your hair cut.
Can you ride a horse?
You should work hard.
You must study hard.
You don't have to go to school on Sunday.
What do you usually do on Sundays?
Are you a Japanese student?
Are you a Japanese student?
Do you keep a diary?
Do you know how to cook meat?
You could count to ten when you were two.
You work too hard.
You are working too hard. Take it easy for a while.
You know the answer?
Do you live here?
I took it for granted that you were on my side.
You don't go to school on Sunday, do you?
You may as well withdraw from the club right away.
What do you have for breakfast?
How do you account for your being late?
You won't be late, will you?
You must have stayed up late.
You'll learn how to do it sooner or later.
You should have refused his request flatly.
Who are you waiting for?
You must build up your courage.
Are you meeting someone here?
Can you tell wheat from barley?
You look very pale.
I'm proud of you.
What do you want to be when you grow up?
You may take either the big box or the small one.
You look bored.
All you have to do is to take care of yourself.
You may have read this book already.
You depend too much on others.
You have foul breath.
You know quite a lot about Sumo.
You look as healthy as ever.
You look as healthy as ever.
You should distinguish between right and wrong.
You will have heard this story before.
You will have heard this story before.
You made the same mistake as last time.
Are you for the war or against it?
You should follow your teacher's advice.
You ought to ask for your teacher's permission.
Can you eat raw oysters?
You seem to be an honest man.
You seem to be an honest man.
You have to get this work finished by noon.
You may be right, but I am against your opinion.
Are you concerned with politics?
You will find it stated a few pages further on.
You will soon get used to speaking in public.
Do you believe in God?
Do you believe in God?
If you study earnestly, you can expect to pass the exam.
It's time for you to buy a new car.
You must clear the table.
I think you'd better go on a diet.
You had better be careful not to overeat.
You work hard.
You have a way with women.
You should have known better than to take an examination without preparing for it.
Did you do your homework by yourself?
Are you writing a letter?
Are you writing a letter?
You should get your car fixed.
Can you drive a car?
Can you drive a car?
You can drive a car, can't you?
You should apologize.
Did you actually see the accident?
You should acknowledge your failure.
You should try to form the habit of using your dictionaries.
You are free to go home.
You should learn to restrain yourself.
You should be ashamed of your ignorance.
You must share your jobs with others.
You must account for your conduct.
You should be responsible for your actions.
You must do it yourself.
Are you sure of your facts?
You should have introduced yourself.
You must control yourself.
You ought to get to work on time.
You should look after the children from time to time.
You ought to see a dentist.
You do me wrong.
You may use my new car.
I wish you had told me the truth.
You lied to me, didn't you?
You ought to have come to our party.
You don't know how worried I am.
You finally succeeded in getting a job.
You were late for work.
Your hair wants cutting.
You had better take an umbrella with you.
You ought to have come to see me yesterday.
Did you go out last night?
You didn't come to school yesterday, did you?
You did not come to school yesterday.
Did you hear about the fire yesterday?
Why were you absent yesterday?
You must do your best.
You can get in touch with him at his home tonight.
You had better not see her now.
You look happy today.
You have a little fever today, don't you?
You have a little fever today, don't you?
It would be better for you to stay in bed today.
You look pale today.
You'd better not go out today.
You look very charming today.
You'd better start now.
Are you a senior high school student?
You don't have to go to the party unless you want to.
You'd better not go.
Are you happy?
Are you happy?
You are free to do as you please with your money.
You are free to do as you please with your money.
You've got to learn to hold your tongue.
You made a wise choice.
You have to turn in the reports on Monday.
You should do the honorable thing and resign.
How do you account for your absence?
You must go through with your plan.
You are the master of your own destiny.
You need to have friends who can help you out.
What do you base your theory on?
You do your part and I'll do the rest.
I suppose you're hungry.
I suppose you're hungry.
Do you ever dream about flying through the sky?
Have you ever been to Kyushu?
You must come back before nine o'clock.
You can get a loan from a bank.
You should make an effort to stop smoking.
You had better not smoke while on duty.
Do you know who Rie Miyazawa is?
You broke the rule.
You're stepping into dangerous territory.
You look pale.
You look pale. You had better lie down in bed at once.
You look pale. You had better lie down in bed at once.
You are as white as a sheet.
I think that you're wrong.
Have you ever read any Chinese poems?
You've done a perfect job.
You are nothing but a student.
You may be late for school.
What subjects are you taking at school?
You seem to be prejudiced against ideas that come from foreign countries.
Would you like to go abroad?
Do you plan to go abroad?
You should have attended the meeting.
Will you stay at home?
What grade are you in?
You continue making the same mistakes time after time.
You may go anywhere.
You may go anywhere.
What time are you going on duty?
What time will you get to the station?
You're too suspicious about everything.
How many books do you have?
How many books do you have?
What are you looking for?
What are you looking at?
What are you looking at?
What are you looking at?
What do you intend to do?
What do you want to be?
What do you want to be?
What will you have?
What woke you up?
What did you come here so early for?
You've worked hard for months and have certainly earned a holiday.
Please let me know what you want.
I wonder if you have something to write with.
What do you like?
What do you want now?
What do you want now?
Do you belong to any clubs?
Do you love music?
You are not a coward.
You are not a coward.
You dropped your pencil.
Do you have any pencils?
Do you study English?
Do you study English?
All you have to do is try hard to master English.
Can you make yourself understood in English?
Can you make yourself understood in English?
You can't speak English, can you?
You can swim, can't you?
Can you swim?
I think you'll have very little difficulty in getting a driver's license.
You're still too young to get a driver's license.
What are you driving at?
What are you driving at?
What are you driving at?
Did you read it at all?
You'll never be alone.
You'll never be alone.
You should follow the doctor's advice.
You'd better consult the doctor.
You'd better consult the doctor.
I'm surprised that you're so naïve.
I'm surprised that you're so naïve.
I'm surprised that you're so naïve.
You should return home before it gets dark.
You are in a safe place.
You must rid yourself of bad habits.
You've set a bad example.
How many days will you remain in London?
You must make up for the loss.
You had better put on a raincoat.
You don't like love stories.
You are too ready to speak ill of others.
How dare you speak like that?
You're really a hard worker.
You have a good sense of humor.
Have you ever seen a UFO?
You are no longer a mere child.
You should have known better.
You should study harder.
You should be more careful.
You should have completed it long ago.
You should have worked harder.
I think it necessary for you to study harder.
You should have been more careful.
You should have come earlier.
Do you like Mozart's music?
Have you taken your medicine yet?
You are now an adult.
You must go to bed now.
You had better go to bed now.
You must get up a little earlier.
You nearly poked me in the eye with your pencil.
You had better stay here a little longer.
Have you finished doing your homework yet?
Have you done all your homework?
You may go home now.
Have you turned in your report?
Have you finished reading that book yet?
Have you finished the work yet?
You are now old enough to support yourself.
You haven't changed at all.
You haven't changed at all.
You have made the very same mistake again.
You haven't washed your hands yet, have you?
You're not old enough to get a driver's license.
Can you speak French?
Can you speak French?
You can't speak French, can you?
You'd better go by bus.
You should practice playing the violin every day.
You say Nessie is an imaginary being, but I think she exists.
You'll have to manufacture some kind of excuse.
I tried to reach you on the phone, but I was unable to get through.
How tall you are!
How rude of you!
Do you want anything?
Why can't you come?
Why did you try to run away?
Why did you not go to the office?
Why do you accuse my son?
What prevented you from coming earlier?
What prevented you from coming earlier?
Why do you want to study abroad?
Why do you want to study abroad?
What do you need the money for?
Why did you use up all the money?
You must consider what kind of work you want to do.
How long have you been in Japan?
How long have you been in Japan?
How long will you stay here?
How long will you stay here?
You can always count on Tom.
Which club do you belong to?
How high can you jump?
How high can you jump?
How tall are you?
How tall are you?
How tall are you?
You are very brave.
You are very brave.
You look very tired.
That's very sweet of you.
Which bed do you want to use?
You may go anywhere you like.
Where do you attend high school?
Where were you?
How about you?
How about you?
How about you?
How about you?
How about you?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
How did you come to know her?
Why did you say such a thing?
What have you come here for?
What have you come here for?
What has brought you here?
You'd better go home as soon as possible.
You don't like chocolate, do you?
You have just done your homework.
You smoke far too much. You should cut back.
You've been had.
You've been had.
You've been had.
You should give up smoking and drinking.
All you have to do is to wait.
You have many books.
You have many books.
You have many books.
You are very fortunate that you have such friends.
You may think those shoes are in fashion, but they aren't.
You don't need to worry about such a thing.
You are old enough to know better than to act like that.
You can bank on that.
You can bank on that.
Who did you give it to?
You could have done it.
Have you finished it?
Do you have one?
You will wish you had never seen it.
Did you buy it on the black market?
You should have done it earlier. It cannot be helped now.
You should have done it earlier. It cannot be helped now.
What did you open it with?
You shouldn't have done it.
You will not be able to catch the train.
Do you know the reason?
Could you solve the problem?
You should have introduced yourself to the girl.
You must return the book to him.
You ought to know better at your age.
You should emphasize that fact.
Did you watch the game?
Did you cut the paper?
You have to overcome the difficulties.
You have to overcome the difficulties.
You owe me an apology for that.
You are responsible for the result.
Are you for or against the plan?
Are you planning to take part in the meeting?
Do you deny that you went there?
You should have done so.
You're wet through.
You should have told me a long time ago.
You've got a lot of guts.
You'd better have your hair cut at once.
You will soon get accustomed to living here.
You will soon be convinced I am right.
You will soon get accustomed to your new school.
You'd better go to see your family doctor at once.
What are you staring at?
You may have mistaken Jane for his sister.
You must put an end to this foolish behavior.
Did you do this on your own?
You have to put up with all these noises.
Have you read this book already?
Have you read this book yet?
You are not to leave this room.
You are not to leave this room.
You have to put up with all this noise.
Where did you go last Sunday?
You must get this homework finished by the day after tomorrow.
You can use this car.
You are suitable for the job.
Can you read this kanji?
You'll soon get accustomed to this cold weather.
How did you come by this money?
All you have to do is sign your name here.
You'd better not wait here.
Are you going to sing here?
You had better get away from here at once.
You have to study hard to catch up with your class.
Not only you but also I was involved.
Where are you from in Canada?
You should ask your father for his advice and follow it.
You should apologize to Dad for not coming home in time for supper.
You don't get up as early as your sister.
Aren't you happy?
You have done very well.
You're starting to warm up now.
When did you come to Japan?
When will you be free?
When did you begin studying English?
When did you begin studying English?
When did you begin studying English?
You are always as busy as a bee.
You're always criticizing me!
You are always complaining.
What time do you usually get up?
What time do you usually get up?
What time do you usually go to bed?
You are always watching TV.
What on earth are you talking about?
How long have you been alienated from your family?
You have some books.
You have some books.
You've given me good advice.
You must be tired after such a long trip.
You shouldn't talk back to your parents like that.
You shouldn't have eaten so much ice cream.
Have you ever been to America?
I wish you had told me the truth then.
Are you on the committee?
Do you know how high the television tower is?
You have to leave home at six.
You must be at the station by 5 o'clock.
You look the way your father did thirty years ago.
You must keep quiet for a few days.
You'll be able to drive a car in a few days.
You should have refused his offer.
You need to have breakfast.
Did you leave the window open?
Are you doing what you think is right?
You made the mistake on purpose, didn't you?
You only started this job an hour ago.
You may as well tell me all about it.
You must always keep your hands clean.
You must always keep your hands clean.
You are always digging at me about my clothes.
When did you begin learning German?
Please go on with your story.
In the light of what you told us, I think we should revise our plan.
I can hardly hear you.
Please give me your permanent address.
Your parents didn't come, did they?
I understand your position perfectly.
Is there anything you want that you don't have?
Your prophecy has come true.
I admire you for your courage.
I admire your courage.
You have lovely eyes, don't you?
Your driver's license has expired.
Write your name in capitals.
I admire your ignorance.
It won't be long before your dream comes true.
Tell me about your program for the future.
What grade is your sister in?
What's your real purpose?
Your book is on the desk.
Your book is on the desk.
I will be your guarantor.
I'm tired of your complaints.
Your smile always makes me happy.
It's your move.
Your hair is too long.
Your problem is similar to mine.
Your problem is similar to mine.
Your second button is coming off.
Compare your answers with the teacher's.
Compare your answer with Tom's.
Your answer isn't correct. Try again.
Your answer is right.
Your answer is wrong.
I think your answer is correct.
I forget your phone number.
I forget your telephone number.
May I use your phone?
Your proposal is a bit extreme.
I am in favor of your proposal.
If it had not been for your advice, I would have failed.
It's none of your business.
It's none of your business.
Mind your own business!
When is your birthday?
I will give you a bicycle for your birthday.
Your son has come of age.
Your son took part in the student movement, I hear.
I cannot accept your gift.
What's your major field?
Go back to your seat.
I can hear you, but I can't see you.
Your success excites my envy.
You have no one but yourself to blame.
Your behavior is creating a lot of problems.
I like the way you smile.
I expect your help.
I don't need your help.
Write your address here.
I'll miss your cooking.
I received your letter yesterday.
Your letter made me happy.
Are your hands clean?
Would you mind lending me your car?
Compared with yours, my car is small.
May I take your picture?
I would like your picture.
Will you lend me your dictionary?
Look up the words in your dictionary.
Could you lend me your bicycle for a couple of days?
Your bicycle is similar to mine.
Your bike is better than mine.
Is your watch correct?
Your watch is more expensive than mine.
Your watch is ten minutes slow.
What time is it by your watch?
Where are your things?
Where are your things?
Where are your things?
Where are your things?
Just follow your heart.
I think your work is all right.
Your work is below average.
What do you do?
How is your work coming along?
Your composition was good except for the spelling.
Your composition is very good, and it has few mistakes.
There are few mistakes in your composition.
Your composition has a few mistakes.
Explain to him the difficult situation you are in.
Where do you come from?
Where do you come from?
Where do you come from?
Do you eat rice in your country?
Your conduct is perfectly legal.
Your behavior leaves much to be desired.
Your action has offended his dignity.
What you did brought disgrace on the whole class.
Express your idea clearly.
Your view is too optimistic.
I envy you your luck.
Choose your favorite racket.
Do as you like.
Make your choice.
I am amazed at your audacity.
I am amazed at your audacity.
I know what you mean.
I know what you mean.
What you are saying does not make sense.
I don't quite follow you.
I think you're right.
Admitting what you say, I still think you are in the wrong.
Your words must correspond with your actions.
What you say is quite wide of the mark.
All that you say is perfectly correct.
I don't get what you mean.
What's become of your dog?
You can go or stay, as you wish.
Your plan seems better than mine.
I approve of your plan.
Your shoes do not go with the suit.
Your shoes are here. Where are mine?
Your shoes are here.
I think your basic theory is wrong.
Your eyes remind me of stars.
That is no business of yours.
Where is your school?
How many pupils are there in your school?
Let's discuss your love problems on the way back from school.
Can I use your pencil?
Your English is improving.
Your English has improved a lot.
I'm amazed at your fluency in English.
I want your opinion.
Your opinion is similar to mine.
Your opinion is very constructive.
I agree with some of your opinions.
I'll study your report.
Your method is different from mine.
You're on the right track.
You're on the right track.
Your time is up.
I'll give you anything that you want.
Can I use your pen?
Your pen is better than mine.
Your plan sounds great.
Your tie has come undone.
Your dress is very nice.
I'll come to your place.
I am ready to do anything for you.
I will do anything for you.
What's the weight of your suitcase?
Your shirt button is coming off.
We are worried about you.
I have absolute trust in you.
What are you fond of?
Your cake is delicious.
Your cake is delicious.
How many are there in your class?
Your camera is only half the size of mine.
Here is your bag.
You'll get into trouble if your girlfriend finds out the truth.
Your mother is in critical condition.
Your mother must have been beautiful when she was young.
I'd like to see your father.
What does your aunt do?
Where does your uncle live?
I have no idea what you mean.
I have no idea what you mean.
Your chair is identical to mine.
I believe you.
I believe you.
I don't agree with you.
I have something to tell you.
I have some good news for you.
I will find you a good doctor.
I want you to read this book.
I feel for you.
I refuse to be treated like a slave by you.
Your telegram arrived just as I was about to telephone you.
You are wanted on the phone.
I'll lend it to you.
I'll lend it to you.
I'll make you a new suit.
Who is that girl waving to you?
I'll teach you how to drive a car.
I'll lend you my notebook.
I want you to go.
I wanted to show it to you.
I'm very glad to see you.
I am looking forward to seeing you.
How I've missed you!
I want you to work harder.
I want to see you again.
You have many caring friends.
I expect you to be punctual.
You make me feel so guilty.
I expect you to work harder.
You deserve the prize.
Green suits you.
I can't thank you enough.
I can't thank you enough.
All you can do is to wait.
I can't keep up with you.
How can you say that?
You should have seen it.
Didn't I tell you so?
I'm anxious to see you.
I'll give you this pendant.
I'll give you this camera.
I'll give you this money.
Let me give you some advice.
I'll treat you.
I owe you ten dollars.
A thousand yen is owed to you.
You deserve to succeed.
I have no more time to talk with you.
You and I are good friends.
You and I are the same age.
I as well as you was late for school yesterday.
If only I could speak English as fluently as you!
I'd like to go with you, but as it is I can't.
I wish I could go to the party with you.
I would like to go to the concert with you.
I would prefer to speak to you in private.
You really are hopeless.
How old will you be next year?
You had better not start until they arrive.
You didn't need to hurry.
All of you did good work.
You should try to be more polite.
It is imperative for you to act at once.
It is imperative for you to act at once.
Are you students at this school?
You should know what to read.
Compare your sentence with the one on the blackboard.
Who is your teacher?
Who is your teacher?
I don't approve your decision.
Your team is stronger than ours.
Boys, don't make any noise.
He as well as you likes baseball.
Not only are you wrong, but I am wrong too.
We are both to blame.
Only you answered the question.
You're the only one who can do it.
You are the man I've been looking for.
You're the best man for the job.
You're the best man for the job.
I hadn't recognized the importance of this document until you told me about it.
It's a pity that you can't come.
As long as you are here, we might as well begin.
What is it that you want?
That you don't believe me is a great pity.
The information you gave me is of little use.
You or I will be chosen.
If you're busy, I'll help you.
I need you.
You did well to keep the secret.
I don't know whether you like her or not.
Does he know that you love him?
It was foolish of you to accept his offer.
Whatever you said to him made him feel better.
I cannot approve of your going out with him.
Show me what you bought.
I saw you with a tall boy.
I saw you with a tall boy.
He is no more foolish than you are.
He is no more foolish than you are.
It's a pity that you should leave Japan.
I am going to do it whether you agree or not.
I am going to do it whether you agree or not.
I don't object to your going out to work, but who will look after the children?
You have good reason to be angry.
We were just talking about you when you called.
I don't care whichever you choose.
I guess you are right.
Do what you think is right.
Whether you will succeed or not depends on your efforts.
I am glad that you have succeeded.
He came after you left.
Who took care of the dog while you were away?
The reason why you failed is you did not try hard enough.
You should talk to the teacher yourself.
I love you more than you love me.
I love you more than you love me.
I wish you could come with us.
With your approval, I would like to offer him the job.
Nothing is so tasty as the dish you make.
Choose the color you like the best.
You don't need to go unless you want to.
If you don't go, I won't, either.
I don't care as long as you are happy.
You can't be hungry. You've just had dinner.
Be sure to put out the fire before you leave.
I'll stay here till you get back.
The money you give them will be put to good use.
It's clear that you're wrong.
I do not for a moment think you are wrong.
You shouldn't have paid the bill.
I wish you were close to me.
I was about to leave when you telephoned.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
You can do whatever you want to.
Try to estimate how much you spent on books.
How can I feel relaxed, with you watching me like that?
It's absurd of you to do that.
It's absurd of you to do that.
It is absurd of you to do that.
It makes little difference to me whether you believe it or not.
The day will come when you will realize it.
I'm glad you liked it.
The time will come when you will be sorry for it.
I don't blame you.
I don't blame you for doing that.
We will pay you according to the amount of work you do.
Your conduct is absolutely shameful.
It's a pity that you couldn't come.
It is out of the question for you to go to New York this weekend.
As long as you're here, I'll stay.
My life would be completely empty without you.
You'll be missed by your friends.
We shall all miss you when you go away.
I miss you badly.
I miss you very much.
I miss you very much.
We all miss you very much.
You may stay here as long as you like.
You walk too fast for me to keep up with you.
Here is a letter for you.
Here is a letter for you.
Here is a letter for you.
Have you ever seen Mt. Fuji? It is beautiful beyond description.
What time will you leave?
What time will you leave?
You don't understand.
Take off your socks, please.
Are my socks dry already?
There is a hole in your sock.
Please put on your shoes.
Please take off your shoes.
I bought a pair of shoes.
Shoes are sold in pairs.
Where're the shoes?
Tie your shoelaces.
What size shoes do you wear?
These shoes are too tight. They hurt.
I found the book by accident.
Even times odd is even, odd times odd is odd.
The sky looks angry.
Judging from the look of the sky, it may rain this afternoon.
Judging from the look of the sky, it is likely to rain.
I felt hungry.
Hunger is the best sauce.
Hunger is the best sauce.
He cannot be hungry; he has just had lunch.
Our house was robbed while we were away.
Fill in the blanks with suitable words.
I'll drive you to the airport.
I'll drive you to the airport.
I'll drive you to the airport.
How far is it to the airport?
I'll accompany you to the airport.
Please tell me how to get to the airport.
I went to the airport by taxi.
Where do I get an airport bus?
How long does the airport bus take to the airport?
I'll phone you as soon as I get to the airport.
I have to go to the airport to meet my family.
Please pick me up at the airport at five.
We saw her off at the airport.
How far is it from the airport to the hotel?
To live without air is impossible.
Tiny particles in the air can cause cancer.
Air is a mixture of various gases.
Air is indispensable to life.
Air quality has deteriorated these past few years.
Both air and water are indispensable for life.
Without air there can be no wind or sound on the moon.
The sky is blue.
The sky is blue.
The sky is full of stars.
The sky is full of stars.
The sky grew darker and darker.
The sky was ablaze with fireworks.
The sky was completely dark.
The sky is clear almost every day.
I want a few empty glasses.
The clouds floating in the sky are beautiful.
There wasn't a cloud in the sky.
Countless stars were twinkling in the sky.
There isn't a single cloud in the sky.
There isn't a single cloud in the sky.
Not a single cloud could be seen in the sky.
There was not a cloud in the sky.
There is a mass of dark clouds in the sky.
You can see a lot of stars in the sky.
Seen from the sky, the river looked like a huge snake.
The sky has gradually clouded over.
Stop grumbling.
A fool's bolt is soon shot.
A fool and his money are soon parted.
You've acted foolishly and you will pay for it.
Are you feeling under the weather?
Take this medicine in case you get sick.
No pain, no gain.
No cross, no crown.
Danger past, God forgotten.
No sweet without sweat.
Open your book to page nine.
Open your book to page nine.
Bank robbery will cost you ten years in prison.
Banks charge higher interest on loans to risky customers.
Banks open at nine o'clock.
I ran across an old friend near the bank.
Some people do not like to deposit their money in banks.
Please go to the bank.
I made a deposit of $1,000 at the bank.
Do you have any idea when the bank closes?
I need to know your answer by Friday.
Every Friday night they went and got liquored up.
Are you free on Friday afternoon?
We ran short of money.
Money is the root of all evil.
The rich are apt to look down upon the poor.
The rich sometimes despise the poor.
If I get rich, I will buy it.
I prefer being poor to being rich.
Do you want to be rich?
I wish I were rich.
The papers that were in the safe are gone.
I should have taken the money.
Lend me some money, if you have any.
Health is better than wealth.
No money, no job, no friends. He was truly at loose ends.
Money does not grow on trees.
I will give you the money tomorrow.
Gold is heavier than iron.
Money ruins many.
Gold is far heavier than water.
The money was hidden beneath the floorboards.
Gold is similar in color to brass.
Keep the money in a safe place.
I have no money, but I have dreams.
There is a lot of money.
I feel the want of money.
The price of gold varies from day to day.
I am short of money.
Money is the last thing he wants.
Money cannot buy happiness.
Money can't buy happiness.
Too much money?
Money talks.
Money is not everything.
Some of the money was stolen.
Some of the money was stolen.
Many local traditions have fallen into decay in recent years.
Modern travel enables us to go around the world in a few days.
Take a short cut.
The art of modern warfare does not necessarily require soldiers to be armed to the teeth to be effective as combatants.
The whole neighborhood was surprised at the news.
The recent frequency of earthquakes makes us nervous.
How are you getting along these days?
I have not heard from her recently.
What do you make of his attitude towards us these days?
Although her house is nearby, I seldom see her.
Are there any movie theaters near here?
In the near future, we may have a big earthquake in Japan.
These problems will be solved in the near future.
I'll get in touch with you soon.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
I'll come and see you one of these days.
In case of emergency, call 119.
In case of an emergency, get in touch with my agent.
In case of emergency, call the police.
In case of an emergency, get in touch with my agent right away.
Do you have a non-smoking section?
It is difficult to give up smoking.
The workers complained when their working hours were extended.
The workers complained when their working hours were extended.
She became rich by virtue of hard work and good business sense.
Slight inattention can cause a great disaster.
Don't go to extremes.
He does not, in short, write with the candor of a man who is completely confident of his thesis.
I'm glad we didn't go there because there were some localized heavy rain showers.
To my astonishment, my money was gone.
The vase on my desk overturned when I jumped up in surprise.
To my surprise, there were no people in the village.
What a surprise!
To my surprise, the door was unlocked.
To my surprise, he easily came up with a plan.
To my surprise, he had a beautiful voice.
Don't break a mirror.
In nostalgic moments we may tend to think of childhood as a time of almost unbroken happiness.
He is not just interested, he's crazy about it.
The excitement reached its peak.
I was so excited that I could not fall asleep.
Don't scare me like that!
It was a heartbreaking story.
A small road ran across the bridge, through the fields, and over a hill.
Look out for the wild dog!
Are you mad?
Are you mad?
Are you mad?
Are you mad?
Tom started the engine.
I'll go with you as far as the bridge.
The bridge is being repainted.
There is a cottage beyond the bridge.
The bridge crashed under the pressure.
In culture, they are on the same plane as savages.
My driving instructor says I should be more patient.
My driving instructor says I should be more patient.
My driving instructor says I should be more patient.
The professor scolded John for skipping class.
The professor teaches English conversation.
Take off your hat when you enter a classroom.
Take off your hat when you enter a classroom.
There were few students remaining in the classroom.
Do you eat it in the classroom?
Don't you talk in the classroom.
Teachers must understand children.
Teachers should treat all their students impartially.
I have been a teacher for 15 years.
You must not forget your schoolbooks.
Education starts at home.
What is the ultimate purpose of education?
What is the ultimate purpose of education?
One of the great superstitions about education is that learning is the result of teaching.
More money for education will spur economic growth.
Teaching is learning.
Oh! Show it to me please.
Fear always springs from ignorance.
Sorry, but can you show me the way to the next village?
I'm afraid you have to work overtime.
The victim of blackmail has been paying hush money for years, but now he realizes it is foolish, and he has decided not to pay a red cent more.
It's awfully cold this evening.
Would you mind opening the window?
Don't be afraid.
Don't be afraid.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
The strong wind indicates that a storm is coming.
Passing through the strong wind, the planes rock like this, but don't worry.
The thieves knocked off another bank today in a daytime robbery.
The burglar was traced by one of the things he had left on the scene.
The burglar shut the child in the closet.
A burglar broke into his house.
The sound of shouting grew faint.
Communism is the system practiced in the Soviet Union.
Kyoto is worth visiting.
Kyoto is not as large as Osaka.
Kyoto is famous for its shrines and temples.
Kyoto is famous for its old temples.
Kyoto depends on the tourist industry.
Summers are very hot in Kyoto.
Kyoto has many universities.
There are many shrines in Kyoto.
Kyoko is lying on the grass.
My hobbies are fishing and watching television.
Eating fish is good for your health.
Fish cannot live out of water.
I'll show you how to catch fish.
I got a fish bone stuck in my throat.
Air is to us what water is to fish.
Fish and meat are both nourishing, but the latter is more expensive than the former.
Eat not only fish, but also meat.
Eat not only fish, but also meat.
Fish have ceased to live in this river.
I can't judge distance.
Those present were all moved to tears.
The living room adjoins the dining room.
I had otitis media last year.
I took an art class last year.
We had a lot of snow last year.
We had a mild winter last year.
There was a lot of snow last winter.
We moved to New York last fall.
Last summer I traveled to Italy.
I'll never forget visiting Paris last summer.
The village which I visited last summer was a small one in Nagano Prefecture.
We had a kid just last year.
Out of sight out of mind. When you're separated you lose touch.
Add a little milk.
We make milk into cheese and butter.
We make milk into cheese and butter.
I bought two bottles of milk.
I want a quart of milk.
There's only a little milk left.
The milk turned sour.
The milk has gone bad.
The cows were moving very slowly through the long green grass.
Cows provide us with milk.
Cows are eating grass in the meadow.
I ran into an old friend.
As soon as I get paid I will pay you back.
His low salary prevents him from buying the house.
Waiter, please bring me some water.
A cornered rat will bite a cat.
Misfortunes never come singly.
Rub salt in the wound.
Rub salt in the wound.
I feel like crying.
Try to keep from crying.
I don't know whether to cry or to laugh.
The rescue workers are going to hand out supplies to the victims of the earthquake.
We waited for hours before help arrived.
Call an ambulance.
The ambulances carried the injured to the nearest hospital.
Do you need an ambulance?
All of a sudden the sky became overcast.
All of a sudden, large drops of rain began falling from the dark sky.
All of a sudden, three dogs appeared in front of us.
If you hurry, you'll catch up with him.
Hurry, and you will catch the train.
Hurry up, or you will miss the train.
Hurry up, or you will be late.
Hurry up, or you'll miss the bus.
Hurry up, and you will be in time for the bus.
Hurry up, or you'll be late.
Hurry up, or you'll be late.
You can take your time.
If you don't hurry, you'll miss the train.
There's enough time for a quick snack.
Having been written in haste, the book has a lot of errors.
Let's finish up in a hurry.
Haste makes waste.
Please hurry.
Miyazaki is not what it used to be.
Enjoy your holidays.
Did you enjoy your holiday?
What did you do on your vacation?
I spent idle days during the vacation.
Where do you suppose you'll spend your vacation?
The vacation is close to an end.
Where are you going on vacation?
My vacation went by quickly.
Have you made up your mind where to go for the holidays?
When I go on vacation, I'll rent a car.
Where are you going to go on your vacation?
I did nothing during the holidays.
Do you feel like resting?
After running up the hill, I was completely out of breath.
The building on the hill is our school.
The old church on the hill dates back to the twelfth century.
There is a house on the hill.
A beautiful valley lies behind the hill.
We came in sight of the hill.
Despite adversity, the architect achieved worldwide fame.
The visitor sat across from me.
The customer did not come.
As I entered the café, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
Smokers are far more likely to develop lung cancer than non-smokers are.
Smokers take twice as many days off sick as non-smokers.
Smoking is strictly prohibited.
Smoking means suicide.
Smoking affects your health.
Smoking affects our health.
I wish I could break the habit of smoking.
Most people killed by smoking were not heavy smokers.
Smoking has affected his lungs.
Smoking or health, the choice is yours.
Chrysanthemums smell sweet.
Let's carry on the discussion.
Women will have the last word.
It is hardly worth discussing.
After they argued, they didn't speak to each other for a week.
Let's proceed with the items on the agenda.
The bill passed by a small majority of 10 votes.
You are not to neglect your duty.
Without a doubt!
The ceremony began with his speech.
What is the difference between imitation and real diamonds?
When the cat is away, the mice will play.
When the cat is away, the mice will play.
All that glitters is not gold.
All that glitters is not gold.
Time to get up.
It is too early to get up.
Get up!
What is done cannot be undone.
You are her daughters.
I'll always love you, no matter what happens.
Didn't you hear her speaking French?
You'll go to school tomorrow.
You are my best friend.
You like elephants.
We'll leave as soon as you are ready.
Let us know when you'll arrive.
What's your home address?
You should keep your valuables in a safe place.
The reporter criticized the politician.
It is still fresh in my memory.
Regular exercise is beneficial to good health.
I believe in exercising regularly.
The rules must be few, and what is more important, simple.
The rules must be few, and more importantly, simple.
We punished him according to the rules.
By the year 2020, the population of our city will have doubled.
A whistle blew, and the boat slowly began to pull out of port.
Which goes faster, a ship or a train?
The train was delayed because of heavy snowfall.
The train will arrive on time without fail.
Trains come more often than buses.
I got there in time for the train.
The train was delayed, so I could not arrive there on time.
They waved good-bye to their parents as the train pulled out.
How do you feel now?
When he feels fine, he goes for a walk.
I'm not feeling well.
You have to be patient.
I think I'm going to faint.
Don't change your mind.
It was a pleasant day, but there were few people in the park.
A strange feeling came over me.
Do you think our climate has an influence on our character?
Please make yourself at home.
Take it easy.
Take it easy.
Let's take it easy.
The temperature has been below freezing for several days.
Low temperatures turn water into ice.
The temperature has suddenly dropped.
My joints ache when it gets cold.
The barometer is falling. It is going to rain.
Look out! There's a hole in the road.
Take care.
Let your hair down a little.
Watch out! There's a big hole there.
Take care of yourself, and have a good time!
Are you crazy?
The pitiful sight moved us to tears.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
It's just your imagination.
It's just your imagination.
It's just your imagination.
Like it?
Never mind.
It's all right.
Forget it.
Forget it.
Forget it.
I appreciate your concern.
I'm exhausted.
I'm exhausted.
Turn off the television. I can't concentrate.
I met him on my way home.
I met him on my way home.
I'm very sorry I came home so late.
I caught sight of a parade on my way home.
Would you mind picking up something on the way back?
Please drop in at my house on your way home.
It'd be great if you could pick up some bread before you come home.
I'll call by at the post office on the way home.
Wait here till I come back.
Passengers became nervous when the plane began to vibrate.
I was busy with work for the term exam.
I'm busy because the finals are drawing on.
Let bygones be bygones.
I have already done my homework.
As you already know.
The flag is up.
The watch on the desk is mine.
I see a book on the desk.
There is a book on the desk.
There is a map on the desk.
There are some books on the desk.
I see a flower on the desk.
There is an apple on the desk.
There is one apple on the desk.
There is only one book on the desk.
There is a bag on the desk.
Look at that picture on the desk.
There is a cat under the desk.
There is an apple under the desk.
Are there any books under the desk?
Are there any books under the desk?
You must not give up hope.
The importation of rare wild animals to this country is strictly prohibited.
It may sound strange, but what she said is true.
Strange to say, no one voted for the candidate.
Strange to say, he didn't know the news.
The magician had the children's attention.
Don't let your feelings show.
I'm willing to help him.
We gladly accept your offer.
I will gladly help you.
I jumped for joy.
Sensing danger, he ran away.
Sensing danger, he ran away.
In a crisis, you must get in touch with your teacher.
The danger past and God forgotten.
Don't run risks.
Look out!
I came near to being drowned.
Corporate earnings in the first quarter improved sharply.
I hope my dream will come true.
Did you get your wish?
He told me to wash my face.
Wash up.
I try.
The rocks are weathered into fantastic forms.
Wearing glasses should correct your vision.
The cancer has spread to her stomach.
Can you hear the noise of the waves on the beach?
Korean food is generally very spicy.
Korean food is noted for its spicy flavor.
Correct my spelling if it's wrong.
It was you that were wrong.
Don't laugh at him for making a mistake.
Correct the errors if there are any.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes.
Correct the mistake and return the file to Mr Luxemburg.
To err is human, to forgive divine.
Correct errors, if any.
It won't be long before they get married.
It's going to clear up soon.
We will soon be ready for the party.
I'm afraid not.
You look very dignified.
Visiting all the tourist sights really wore me out.
The tourists were fascinated with the exquisite scenery.
The number of tourists has increased greatly in recent years.
Where is the tourist information office?
The sightseeing bus ran through a long tunnel.
The can is empty.
To put it briefly, I do not agree.
As it is written in simple English, this book is easy to read.
The nurse took his temperature with a thermometer.
Please follow the nurse's directions.
Have you ever thought of becoming a nurse?
A nurse took my temperature.
The nurse will tell you how to do it.
I want something sweet.
Some are deceived by fair words.
When it comes to sweets, I just can't control myself.
Environmental pollution is causing abnormal weather conditions.
We ought to do our best not to pollute our environment.
Almost no students get full marks in Chinese classics.
Kanji are difficult to read.
I'm dripping with sweat.
I don't know how to express my thanks.
The patient is steadily recovering.
The patient is steadily recovering.
The patient got better little by little.
No problem at all!
No problem at all!
No problem at all!
Fluency in English is a must.
Check, please.
Please add up the bill.
The bill amounted to 100 dollars.
May I have the check, please?
Charge this bill to me.
The thermometer went down below zero.
Thermometers often go below zero.
I feel cold.
I find it hard to get up early on cold mornings.
Bottoms up!
Bring me a dry towel.
Stock prices plunged to a record low.
Stock prices dropped.
You may leave your bag here.
Well begun is half done.
The eagle does not catch flies.
Don't step on the broken glass.
Let's split it.
Don't buy things on credit.
Hang your coat on the hook.
The sum came to over 20,000 yen.
My forehead burned with fever.
Wipe the sweat from your brow.
Come feel my forehead.
The frame itself is worth more than the picture.
The sweat was dripping off my brow.
It's a piece of cake.
Do you play a musical instrument?
After a storm comes a calm.
After a storm comes a calm.
Have fun.
Let's have some fun.
I wish you a pleasant voyage.
Thank you for the pleasant evening.
Did you have a good weekend?
It's our pleasure.
She can express her feelings when she feels happy or sad.
The students stood waiting for a bus.
This is a store that caters specially to students.
All of the students were present.
Students must keep silent during a class.
Students generally like a teacher who understands their problems.
The students' lunch period is from twelve to one.
Almost all the students like English.
The students learned many poems by heart.
The students noted down every word the teacher said.
A student wants to see you.
He is something of a scholar.
According to some scholars, a major earthquake could occur at any moment now.
I would often take part in an English speech contest in my school days.
Outside the school, she saw people with no homes living in cardboard boxes.
School begins tomorrow.
Our school was reduced to ashes.
School begins on April the tenth.
School starts next Monday.
Is your school far from your home?
The school is located within five minutes' walk of the station.
When is school over?
School begins at eight-thirty.
School uniforms are just out of fashion.
I called at Nancy's house on my way home from school.
I'm going to join the school orchestra.
You must not be late for school.
The number of students who were late for school was much smaller than I had expected.
Instead of going to school, he stayed at home.
I live within walking distance of school.
School has started and I like it so far.
I have just come back from school.
When she saw that they had no schools, she started one.
They helped one another to make the school festival a success.
After the revolution, France became a republic.
The revolution has brought about many changes.
There's a pub just around the corner.
Not worth the remembered value.
Do you remember?
Indeed she is young and beautiful, but she is in delicate health.
It is true that she is pretty, but she is selfish.
I am positive that he is wrong.
I did see him.
It is true Wendy grew up at the seaside, but she isn't a good swimmer.
I admit this may not be the best way of doing it.
Nuclear power plants are dangerous, not to mention nuclear weapons.
A nuclear war will bring about the destruction of mankind.
All humanity will suffer if a nuclear war breaks out.
Go to your respective seats.
Each country has its own customs.
Each robot is equipped with a talking machine.
Like water off a duck's back.
Give us a ride downtown.
There's an old movie theater in town.
Let's have lunch downtown and take in a show.
Generally speaking, the climate of Japan is mild.
Generally speaking, women are better linguists than men.
Generally speaking, women live longer than men.
Generally speaking, Americans are very fond of coffee.
Generally speaking, men are stronger than women.
Generally speaking, boys can run faster than girls.
Do you have any cough medicine?
Save it on the external hard drive.
Comb your hair before you go out.
Make sure to turn off all the lights before going out.
I would rather stay at home than go out.
I don't have a prejudice against foreign workers.
Speaking foreign languages is not easy.
It is not easy to learn a foreign language.
Learning a foreign language is difficult.
It's difficult to learn a foreign language.
Learning a foreign language is fun.
It takes years to master a foreign language.
A foreign language cannot be mastered in a year or so.
Mastering a foreign language calls for patience.
Mastering a foreign language involves a lot of patience.
Are you interested in foreign languages?
It is not until you go abroad that you realize how small Japan is.
The number of people who go abroad has been increasing.
Visiting a foreign country must be expensive.
I want to go abroad.
I want to go abroad.
It's fun to learn about foreign cultures.
Do you have any foreign stamps?
Have you visited foreign countries, say America?
An ambassador is an honest man sent to lie abroad for the good of his country.
Diplomats are allowed various privileges.
Don't judge a person by his appearance.
The air felt a little cold.
Shine your shoes before going out.
You can't go out.
It is getting lighter outside.
Could we have a table outside?
May I go out to play?
No sooner had I gone out than it began to rain.
Go up the stairs.
Grand opening sale.
What time does the play begin?
Keep your eyes closed until I tell you to open them.
Open up.
Open up.
Drawing is a lot of fun; it helps me to relax.
How many pictures did you buy?
How many pictures did you buy?
The picture looks better at a distance.
I don't have the slightest idea.
Everyone says that he's a good man.
They regarded him as the best doctor in town.
Everybody wished he had been elected governor.
Everyone opposed it, but they got married all the same.
How is everyone?
Please be quiet, everybody.
All aboard!
Good morning, everybody.
Look at the blackboard, everyone.
Good morning, everyone.
Everybody laughed.
All of you are familiar with the truth of the story.
I broke your ashtray.
Throw a sprat to catch a whale.
The pirates buried their treasure in the ground.
Which way is the beach?
There were few people on the beach.
We'll have a barbecue at the beach.
We'll have a barbecue at the beach.
I had a chance to travel abroad.
Canada is a good place to go if it's your first experience living abroad.
Japanese children brought up overseas sometimes face great difficulty in adjusting themselves to Japanese schools after returning, even though they have a perfect command of Japanese.
Neptune is the eighth planet of the solar system.
I work for a shipping company.
Oceans do not so much divide the world as unite it.
The sea is very wide.
Who shall ever unravel the mysteries of the sea?
The sun rose from the sea.
Winds from the sea are moist.
I have plenty of money with me.
Some people pursue only pleasure.
Would you please replace the broken one promptly?
May I have coupon tickets?
Don't beat around the bush.
Being a good conversationalist does not just mean being a good speaker of English.
Cross off the names of the people who have paid their dues.
The hall was filled with such a large audience that there wasn't even standing room.
On behalf of the company, I would like to express our hearty thanks to you all.
Management of a company is different from ownership of a company.
Management of a company is different from ownership of a company.
Call me at the office.
The firm went under due to lack of capital.
The office has been topsy-turvy since the merger upset everything.
The community is made up of individuals.
The company abandoned that project.
I suggested that we bring the meeting to an end.
We got the meeting over with quickly.
The meeting will take place next Sunday.
The meeting is held twice a month.
The meeting lasted two hours.
I will tell her what to say at the meeting.
Could I have the check?
Pay the cashier on the way out.
The conference is to be held in Tokyo.
The meeting will be held tomorrow.
The meeting lasted until 5.
The meeting lasted until 5.
The meeting was held here.
The meeting ended earlier than usual.
Meetings are to be held on the afternoon of July 15 (Tuesday), all day July 16 (Wednesday), and the morning of July 17 (Thursday).
The conference closed at five.
At the meeting he monopolized the discussion and completely disrupted the proceeding.
Are you going to attend the meeting?
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
How did you enjoy the party?
Ask him if he will attend the meeting.
I'm glad to see you.
I can't put up with it.
Bite the bullet.
Bite the bullet.
We Japanese live on rice.
The two of us don't belong here.
Not all of us can speak English.
We rowed up the river against the current.
We were caught in a storm.
We carried on the discussion till late at night.
We believe in democracy.
We were attacked by swarms of bees.
We gave our mother a watch.
We believe in Buddhism.
We traveled to Mexico by plane.
We furnished the refugees with blankets.
We hadn't so much as heard of her name.
We can rely on his judgement.
We regret his death.
We were all greatly amused by his jokes.
We should have told him the truth.
We tend to think that our time is our own only on Sundays and holidays.
We should have taken the schedule into consideration.
We must sleep at least eight hours a day.
We must have respect for tradition.
We must die sooner or later.
We haven't known each other long.
We've become a mockery to the whole village.
We all knelt down to pray.
We are against war.
We were driven to the wall.
We eat so we can live.
We debated on the question of world population.
We went due north.
We cleared a path through the woods.
We live in a three-bedroom house.
We must always be prepared for disasters.
We headed for the mountain cottage.
We must provide for the future.
We failed due to a lack of preparation.
We should read the newspaper so as not to lag behind the times.
We should sometimes expose our bodies to the sun.
We have to make a close analysis of the accident.
We have to make a close analysis of the accident.
We have to get at the truth of the matter.
We've run short of money.
We were filled with anger against the murderer.
We climbed Mt. Fuji last summer.
We left the final decision to him.
We found the footprints in the sand.
We've been matched up with some strong teams this year.
We are in the era of atomic energy.
We need more workers.
We got involved in a traffic accident.
We took turns with the driving.
We took turns driving the car.
We found the front door locked.
We will never give in to terrorist demands.
We learn by experience.
We got an interesting piece of information.
We eat fish raw.
We hoped to have done with the work before the holidays.
We have to cope with hosts of difficulties.
We were moved to tears.
We all wondered why she had dumped such a nice man.
We were all amused with the comedy.
We eat a meal three times a day.
We were completely victorious.
We walked more quickly than usual.
We gained the top of Mt. Fuji at last.
We have to do a great deal of reading.
We associate Darwin with the theory of evolution.
We discussed the problem.
We captured the thief.
We were watching the child at play.
We talked over the plan with him.
We gave the performer a clap.
We were surprised at the news.
We got all the materials together.
We often associate black with death.
We've come to the conclusion that this is a true story.
We made fun of him about this.
We've been living here since July.
We bought a pound of tea.
We must reduce energy demand.
We should always act in obedience to the law.
We shall all die some day.
We hired a car for a week when we were in Italy.
We were nearly frozen to death.
Are we making a nonstop flight to the U.S.?
We ran down the hill.
We got to the station at six.
We should look after our parents.
Newspapers, magazines, and newscasts tell what is going on in the world.
Our eyes take time to adjust to the darkness.
Our plane took off exactly on time at six.
All our efforts were in vain.
We have a traitor among us.
Our true nationality is mankind.
Our new head office is in Tokyo.
Let's synchronize our watches.
Our plans are to advance toward the city.
Our school is very close to the park.
Our country's climate is temperate.
Our team won the game.
Initially we had some problems with our computer system, but they've been sorted out now.
We are not short of oil in this country.
Our bodies respond to our feelings.
Give us the tools, and we will finish the job.
We had a slight difference of opinion.
It is not necessary for us to attend the meeting.
As we went around the corner, the lake came into view.
We are the first to arrive.
My name is Hopkins.
My name is Hopkins.
We're thoroughly prepared for the millennium bug.
Our country must develop its natural resources.
Our troops were constantly harassed by the guerrillas.
Our house is conveniently located.
We are expecting an addition to our family.
If only we had a garden!
I got a lot of mosquito bites.
What with fatigue and lack of sleep, he has fallen ill at last.
Excessive indulgence spoiled the child.
We have experienced many changes over the last decade.
Don't worry about the past.
Have you ever had any serious illness?
You must live in the present, not in the past.
It's never too late to make amends.
It is no use crying over spilt milk.
I heard the manager's wife is on vacation. And, well, when the cat's away, the mice play. Now he's out partying every night.
Do you have anything to declare?
Would you carry my luggage upstairs?
Could you carry my bags for me?
Please put your baggage on this scale.
In case the shipment is delayed, we have special delay insurance.
Have you finished packing yet?
I must apologize to you for breaking the vase.
There are some beautiful roses in the vase.
The vase was broken to pieces.
The vase crashed to pieces.
Hanako called his bluff.
Hanako has forgotten her umbrella again.
Hanako is set on going to Paris.
Hanako likes cake very much.
Bees are flying among the flowers.
Blossoms have come out on the embankment.
The bride looked very beautiful.
Happy are those who love flowers.
A loaf of bread is better than the songs of birds.
Put some water into the vase.
The petals are floating on the water.
Flowers bloom.
I've finished watering the flowers.
The flowers withered up.
Are you free on Tuesday?
Are you free on Tuesday?
We must finish everything before Tuesday morning.
It is said that there is no life on Mars.
Is there any life on Mars?
It was not easy to put out the fire at once.
The fire was extinguished at once.
The fire broke out after the staff went home.
In case of fire, ring the bell.
In the case of fire, dial 119.
The cause of the fire is not known.
Fire! Run!
The volcano has become active again.
The fire alarm rang.
In case of fire, call 119.
The mail train lost most of its mail in the fire.
Give me a light, would you?
Don't forget to put out the fire.
Never forget to put out the fire.
The fire spread out in a fan-shape.
Fire is always dangerous.
Fire is always dangerous.
The fire went out by itself.
The house did not suffer much damage because the fire was quickly put out.
There is no smoke without fire.
As he had no way of making fire, he ate the fish raw.
There is no rose without a thorn.
The rivers were flooded by the heavy rain.
He makes his living by singing.
Singing is her strong point.
I wish I were a good singer.
I wish I were a good singer.
Do you like singing?
Everything comes to those who wait.
Please help yourself to some fruit.
Please help yourself to the fruit.
I strolled along the streets to kill time.
I'm free.
Scientific discoveries don't always make the world a better place.
Scientists seem to have known the truth.
Scientists can easily compute the distance between planets.
Scientists deal mainly with physical matters.
Some scientists predict that the world oil reserves will be used up within a century.
I am determined to be a scientist.
It is not good for a scientist to get emotional.
It is not good for a scientist to get emotional.
Science brought about many changes in our lives.
The progress of science has brought about great change in our lives.
Chemistry gave us plastics.
I'm sick of listening to her complaints.
My wife's part-time job brings in a little extra money.
There is no place like home.
How much is the rent per month?
Their cattle are all fat.
May I bring my family along?
More and more married couples share household chores.
All the furniture was covered with dust.
Some furniture is put together with glue.
I had hardly left home when it began to rain heavily.
As soon as I left home, I ran into her.
Could you please drive me home?
I'll drive you home.
I'll drive you home.
Let us go home.
The houses caught fire one after another.
Let me show you around our house.
Every door in the house is locked.
There wasn't anybody in the house.
My son can count up to a hundred now.
I made my whole family leave home.
She scraped her shoes clean before she entered the house.
Investing money in your home has some merit; when it is time to sell it you can get more money.
It was not until I reached home that I missed my purse.
When I got home, I was very hungry.
I will give you a call as soon as I get home.
On my way home, I met him.
We had a lot of furniture.
Entering the house, I tripped over the mat.
I'd rather stay at home.
I felt the house shake.
Don't you feel the house shaking?
We felt the house shake a little.
Mother-in-law and daughter-in-law are a tempest and hailstorm.
The summer vacation is only a week away.
We have five days to go before the summer vacation.
We have five days to go before the summer vacation.
Summer vacation begins next Monday.
How was your summer vacation?
I'll have exams right after the summer holidays.
Our plans for the summer are taking shape.
I worked in a post office during the summer vacation.
The summer is over.
We cannot sleep well on summer nights.
The summer sun glared down on us.
Some people like summer, and others like winter.
What's Scotland like in summer?
St Mark's Square in Venice is always swarming with tourists in the summer.
Did you go anywhere for the summer?
I want to go on a journey around the world if possible.
I'd send my kid out on his own for a while if I were you. A few hard knocks at this point might do him some good.
Mr. Kato teaches us English.
Mr Kato is a teacher.
The price varies with demand.
Prices depend on supply and demand.
Hundreds of people were waiting outside the ticket office.
Hundreds of buffaloes moved toward the lake.
After a couple of drinks, the guy was feeling no pain.
I haven't seen him for years.
How long are you going to stay here?
Having failed many times, he never gave up the plan.
After several delays, the plane finally left.
Thousands of people wanted to know the answer.
Thousands of foreigners visit Japan every year.
Thousands of people died of hunger.
Some boats are on the lake.
How many people in your party?
How many people are in this room?
How many children do you have?
How many children do you have?
How many people do you think have an ear for music?
Some were late.
Some brave passengers caught the pickpocket and turned him over to the police.
Some boys came into the classroom.
Some of the drivers were laughing and yelling.
Somebody caught me by the arm.
What newspaper do you take?
I don't know where we'll arrive.
Getting nowhere.
You can go anywhere you want.
You may sit wherever you like.
Dozens of young people attended the demonstration.
Many kinds of birds live in Japan.
Somebody had drowned her in the bathtub.
I gazed at the sea for hours.
What time does it open?
When was it finished?
A fox is not caught twice in the same snare.
A fox is not caught twice in the same snare.
What time does this train reach Yokohama?
It became dark before I knew it.
It became dark before I knew it.
What time does boarding begin?
What time does it start?
What time is dinner?
What time will the game start?
What time will the game start?
What time shall I pick you up?
What time do you get up?
When did you get up?
When will you come home?
What time did you arrive there?
What time shall I come?
Do you know what the time is?
When are you going on summer vacation?
When is it convenient for you?
When will you be back?
When will you be back?
Resignation is the first lesson of life.
Nothing happened.
Moderation in all things.
Try to have a positive attitude about everything.
I will stand by you whatever happens.
I ordered some new books from America.
What language is spoken in America?
Do you know why they stopped talking?
How come Mary is going on a picnic with him?
The reason is because I can speak Chinese.
Why didn't you come?
Several cottages have been isolated by the flood water.
How often have you been to Europe?
Which station are you going to?
What did you buy?
What are you reading?
What are you reading?
What are you reading?
It's not what you wear, it's how you wear it.
What are you concerned about?
We disputed for hours about what to write.
What should I bring?
What did you make?
What are you thinking about?
Not knowing what to say, he remained silent.
What do you mean?
What will you have to drink?
What are you about?
Why are you so happy?
My view was different from his as to what should be done.
It is clear what must be done.
Tell me what to do.
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
Please telephone me when you have made up your mind what you want to do.
What would you like to drink?
What would you like to drink?
What would you like to drink?
Not knowing what to say, I remained silent.
Not knowing what to say, I remained silent.
Thank you all the same.
Above all, you must take good care of yourself.
The one resource more precious than any other was land.
You should put safety before everything else.
Above all, be patient.
Are you sure you haven't forgotten anything?
You have nothing to fear.
You have no need to be ashamed.
Don't cry before you're hurt.
Those who forget everything are happy.
What does this stand for?
What does this stand for?
For what purpose did he come here?
Who are you to tell me to get out?
What do you play baseball for?
Why did her father go to Japan?
What kind of sandwich do you want?
What a pity!
What a pity!
What a pity!
What a pity!
I didn't know what to say.
How blue the sky is!
I can't say for sure.
I can't say.
I sort of understand.
We made it out of there.
Catch as catch can.
Can't you do something to help me?
I was at a loss what to say.
Why me?
What a good idea!
What a good idea!
You may take anything you like.
Help yourself to anything you like.
I'll do anything.
Holy cow!
What's my book doing here?
How many languages can you speak?
I've been going out with her for months.
How about something cold to drink?
I want something cold to drink.
I want something cold to drink.
I want to drink something cold.
I want to drink something cold.
Tell me what you want.
Are you taking any medicine regularly?
There should be something for us to talk about.
What's new?
Please bring me some medicine for airsickness.
Please give me something hot to drink.
May I have something hot to drink?
Lend me some books to read.
I want something to read.
Are you doing anything special?
Would you like to leave a message?
I want something hot to drink.
Did you make any New Year's resolutions?
Give me something to eat.
Can I have something to eat?
I want something to eat.
Do you have anything to eat?
Bring me something to eat.
Please give me something to eat.
Please give me something to eat. I am so hungry.
I'd like something to eat.
Is there anything that I should not eat?
I need something to write with.
I want something to write on.
Give me something to write with.
Give me something to write on.
Can I help you?
Give me something to do.
Do you subscribe to any magazines?
What do you want me to do?
Is there anything I can do for you?
May I say something?
Do you have a plan?
He told me that whatever might happen, he was prepared for it.
Come what may, I will never leave you.
Had he known what was about to happen, he would have changed his plan.
Had they known what was about to happen, they would have changed their plans.
Whatever happens, keep calm.
I don't care what happens.
No matter what happens, you must not give up.
We were astonished to hear what had happened.
Something may have happened to him.
I feel like eating something sweet.
I want something sweet to eat.
Can you play any musical instruments?
Please give me something to drink.
Can I get you something to drink?
Can I get you something to drink?
May I have something to drink?
I want something to drink.
I'd like something to drink.
Would you like to drink anything?
What is the matter with you?
What is the matter with you?
Is there anything else you want me to do?
Do you have any pets?
What is missing?
Would you like anything to eat?
What is over there?
Something must be done!
Can I do anything for you?
Do we have anything I can snack on?
I need some good advice.
Is there anything you can do?
What is happening?
Anything new?
There is no point in pretending to be sick.
Were I to die, who would look after my children?
Even if I grant that what you say is true, it is no excuse.
I have some acquaintance with chemistry.
I have diarrhea.
I have diarrhea.
Correct the underlined words.
Turn down the volume, please.
Do you know when the musician will come here?
I came to this country for the purpose of studying music.
I cheered myself up by listening to music.
I listen to music.
Few things give us as much pleasure as music.
Music is a common speech for humanity.
Music gratifies the ears.
Our music teacher advised me to visit Vienna.
Musical talent can be developed if it's properly trained.
Were it not for music, the world would be a dull place.
If not for music, the world would be a dull place.
No music, no life.
No music, no life.
Don't make a noise.
Can I fix you a hot drink?
I want to eat warm soup.
Let's eat while the food is warm.
I'm looking for a warm, woolen skirt.
How should I know?
How should I know?
I'm a free man.
Was I wrong?
I'm a hero.
I cried all night long.
I play in a band.
There's nothing I can do.
I'm playing a TV game.
You cannot pull the wool over my eyes.
I'm not talking to you; I'm talking to the monkey.
Don't worry about me.
Don't put it on my desk.
Let me handle this.
Are you talking to me?
Keep away from me.
I can hear the sound in your mind.
I can't do it.
I can't do it.
You don't... you don't talk to me like that.
It's you I'll always love.
I prefer cakes or candies to alcohol, but I do drink.
The roof was damaged by the storm.
Look at the house with the red roof.
The house whose roof you can see is Mr Baker's.
What is that building with the green roof?
I've never been beyond Okayama.
Who's the girl in a yellow raincoat?
The king ordered that the prisoner should be set free.
The prince fell in love with a woodcutter's daughter.
The prince was lost in the woods.
The prince succeeded to the throne.
The knight swore an oath of allegiance to the king.
The king crushed his enemies.
The king abused his power.
Mr Wang is from China.
The king governed the country.
Yokohama is the second largest city in Japan.
Lie down and rest for a while.
Lie down and make yourself comfortable.
We found the beds quite comfortable.
Did you buy a round trip ticket?
I bought a round-trip ticket.
What's the round-trip fare?
I got slapped on both cheeks.
Round trip or one-way?
How can you be so indifferent to your wife's trouble?
Your wife is mad at you.
Pollution has a disastrous effect on the ecology of a region.
Never rub the eyes when the hands are dirty.
You may take this book as long as you keep it clean.
How do you feel?
Pass me the salt, please.
Pass me the salt, please.
Will you pass me the salt?
Pass me the salt, will you?
Would you pass me the salt?
Can you pass me the salt, please?
He asked me to pass him the salt.
Would you pass me the salt, please?
Could you pass me the salt, please?
Please pass me the salt.
Pass me the salt, would you?
Would you pass the salt, please?
Salt helps to preserve food from decay.
Pass me the salt and pepper, please.
Is there any salt left?
Is there any salt left?
Is there any salt left?
I bought a dozen pencils today.
Have you got a pencil?
The point of the pencil has become dull.
Please write with a pencil.
Write with a pen, not with a pencil.
Please write your name with a pencil.
I need a pencil. Can I use one of yours?
Which is heavier, lead or gold?
Please feel free to ask me questions.
Please help yourself to the cake.
We felt relieved when we saw a light in the distance.
I saw a light in the distance.
We saw the tower in the distance.
I saw a cottage in the distance.
They heard a gun go off in the distance.
We heard tigers roaring in the distance.
Seen from a distance, the hill looks like an elephant.
Viewed from a distance, the island looked like a cloud.
We saw the gleam of a distant lighthouse.
I heard a dog barking in the distance.
I heard a dog barking in the distance.
He was scared when the monkey jumped at him.
Monkeys can learn a lot of tricks.
It is easy for a monkey to climb a tree.
The forest is teeming with monkeys.
Smoke is rising from the chimney.
Will you give me a light?
Don't forget to extinguish your cigarette.
There is no fire without smoke.
Turn the flame down low.
The concert is about to start.
Do you enjoy plays, films, and such?
Action!
Nobody else offered to help.
Gardening has been popular for some years.
How to overcome the high value of the yen is a big problem.
Draw a circle.
The value of the yen has soared.
I heard someone in the crowd outside the station call my name.
There is a bank in front of the station.
It is about ten minutes' walk to the station.
How long does it take to walk to the station?
How long does it take to walk to the station?
It's an hour's walk to the station.
It's ten minutes' walk to the station.
Let me give you a lift as far as the station.
It's a long way to the station.
How far is it to the station?
Could you please tell me how to get to the station?
I'll show you to the station.
Could you tell me the way to the station?
I passed the city hall on my way to the station.
How can I get to the station?
Where is the railroad station?
The station is nearby.
The station is not far from here.
The station is two miles away.
There is a post office in front of the station.
Is there a bank near the station?
Is there a bank near the station?
On his arrival at the station, he called a taxi.
I could not find my brother who was to meet me at the station.
Please wait for me at the station.
I'll drop you off at the station.
Who did you see at the station?
Do you know how far it is from the station to city hall?
Englishmen rarely talk to strangers in the train.
The British have a lot of respect for law and order.
Englishmen are, on the whole, conservative.
Elizabeth II is the Queen of England.
England expects that every man will do his duty.
London, the capital of England, is on the Thames.
Can you speak English?
Can you speak English?
Can you speak English?
Can you speak English?
Speaking English is very difficult for me.
She speaks English better than any of her classmates.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking English.
It is not difficult to speak English.
I found it easy to speak English.
You speak good English.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes when you speak English.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes when you speak English.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes when speaking English.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes when speaking English.
Developing his ability of speaking English, it seems, is his purpose of studying abroad.
Speaking English is not easy.
Speaking English is useful.
Speaking English is difficult.
Is it hard to speak English?
To speak English is not easy, but it is interesting.
To speak English is not easy.
Speaking English is a lot of fun.
Have you begun studying English?
I'm studying English.
Don't translate English into Japanese word for word.
It is impossible to master English in a short time.
English is difficult to learn.
The position requires applicants to be skilled in spoken English.
When writing English, she rarely makes a mistake.
It is not easy to master English.
Teaching English is his profession.
All students of English should have a good English-English dictionary at hand.
Learning English is hard work.
Learning English requires patience.
Don't give up English.
English isn't easy to master.
You're much less likely to get a good position if you don't speak English.
I've studied English for five years.
You must study English every day.
Is English more difficult than Japanese?
English is studied in Japan.
English is studied in Japan.
English is difficult, isn't it?
English is a means of communication.
English is studied in China, too.
English is studied in China, too.
You have to study English step by step.
English is spoken in a lot of countries.
English is spoken by more people than any other language.
English has spread all over the country.
English is spoken in many countries around the world.
English is a language spoken all over the world.
English is studied all over the world.
English is by far the most widely-spoken language in the world.
English is useful in commerce.
English is not my native language.
English is not easy for me.
English has become my favorite subject.
English is a very important language in today's world.
English is just one of over 2,700 languages in the world today.
English has now become the common language of several nations in the world.
English has become an international language.
English is a universal language and is used all over the world.
English is an international language.
English is taught almost all over the world today.
English is useful in diplomacy and tourism.
English is easy to learn.
English is not difficult to learn.
English is a kind of universal language.
English is used by many people.
English is spoken in many countries.
English is spoken in many countries.
English is taught in most countries.
English is taught in most countries.
English is not spoken here.
English is spoken in Canada.
English is spoken in America.
English is too difficult for me to understand.
She surpasses me in English.
How are you getting along with your English study?
I can't find any logic to English spelling. "Ghoti'' can be pronounced as 'fish'.
In addition to English, he can speak French.
Do you have an English dictionary?
Some students like English, and others like physics.
In addition to English, he speaks German.
Did you ever make a speech in English?
As far as English is concerned, nobody can beat me.
Many English words are derived from Latin.
English cannot be mastered overnight.
It is fun to speak in English.
Answer in English.
Do you have a book written in English?
To write a love letter in English is not easy.
To write a love letter in English is not easy.
To write a love letter in English is not easy.
What do you call this bird in English?
Yamada is second to none in English in his class.
Say it in English.
What do you call this insect in English?
If only I could speak English!
I wish I could speak English.
How I wish I could swim.
I wish I could swim.
It is easy to swim.
Do you feel like going swimming?
The swimmers were numb with cold.
I will love you always.
I'll be with you forever.
Movie making is an exciting job.
Smoking is not permitted in the cinema.
How about going to the movies?
I'd like to go to the movies.
Was the movie good?
When does the movie start?
The movie was interesting, as I had expected.
That's something like a movie scenario.
Why not go to the movies?
Let's stop off and see a movie.
We must not speak ill of others behind their backs.
Our store hours are from 10 to 7.
The clouds opened and the sun shone through.
The moon is invisible behind the clouds.
Clouds sail across the sky.
The clouds are getting darker.
Luckily he had enough money to pay the bill.
I would rather kill myself than reconcile myself to my fate.
The athletic meeting will be put off.
Exercise is good for your health.
Exercise is good for your health.
Having a driver's license is an advantage for this job.
Do you have a driver's license?
May I see your driver's license, sir?
He amazed everyone by passing his driving test.
Drivers should wear seat belts.
The driver increased his speed.
He managed to pass his driving test even though he was a poor driver.
You're too drunk to drive.
Unfortunately the telephone was out of order.
Speak of angels and you hear their wings.
The rumor turned out false.
The rumor turned out false.
The rumor turned out true.
It is wrong to tell a lie.
It is wrong to tell lies.
You are lying.
The end justifies the means.
Many a true word is spoken in jest.
After rain comes fair weather.
Do you have rain gear with you?
The rain shows no sign of stopping.
Has it stopped raining yet?
When did it begin to rain?
The rain lasted five days.
I go to the office by bicycle except on rainy days.
Rainy days make me depressed.
I like to walk in the rain.
A bicycle will rust if you leave it in the rain.
I feel like singing in the rain.
In case it rains, I won't go.
Take your coat in case it rains.
The rain prevented me from going.
I stayed home because of the rain.
Rain prevented us from taking a walk.
The game was called off on account of the rain.
The baseball game was called off due to rain.
Stay out of the rain.
Stay out of the rain.
Besides the rain, we experienced heavy winds.
He went out in spite of the rain.
He said that he was afraid it would be rainy.
You had better take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
It looks like rain. We had better shut the windows.
You may go cycling if it doesn't rain.
The rain is beating against the windows.
I wish it would stop raining.
Let's go as soon as it stops raining.
We won't go out unless it stops raining.
I'll be there rain or shine.
When it rains, it pours.
Every time it rains, the roof leaks.
Don't forget to take an umbrella in case it rains.
It's been raining since last night.
It's been raining since last night.
It is going to rain.
I think it's going to rain.
It was raining, and Joe's long hair was completely wet by the time he got home.
Catherine stayed indoors because it was raining.
In spite of the heavy rain, he decided to go out.
I wish the rain would stop.
He closed the window for fear of rain.
The rain is raining all around.
It has been raining heavily for three hours.
I found a bird whose wing was severely damaged.
Space travel will be commonplace some time in the future.
There is no air in space.
Space science is still in its infancy.
There are many galaxies in the universe.
Seen from space, the earth is very beautiful.
I can't lift my right arm.
I think my right arm is broken.
I can't bend my right arm.
Don't bite on the right side.
My right hand is numb.
Lie on your right side.
Turning to the right, you will find the city hall in front of you.
There's a pea in my right nostril.
Take the road on the right.
Roll up your right sleeve.
You have your right sock on wrong side out.
Secret gifts are openly rewarded.
Secret gifts are openly rewarded.
You shouldn't talk about people behind their backs.
I would like to order drinks now.
Empty the drawer of its contents.
Let's turn back.
May I see your claim tags?
Printing ink is in short supply.
Lightning is usually followed by thunder.
Rice is grown in rainy regions.
She attracted me at first sight.
Can you lend me 10,000 yen?
On the one hand we suffered a heavy loss, but on the other hand we learned a great deal from the experience.
On the one hand, you are wrong, but on the other hand, I can't blame you for that.
A single step, and you will fall over the cliff.
Penny wise, pound foolish.
A minute has sixty seconds.
What do you say to taking a rest?
Some babies learn to swim even before they are one year old.
I got up early in order to catch the first train.
How much is the most expensive car?
Where is the nearest telephone box?
Where's the nearest travel agency?
Where's the nearest drugstore?
Where is the nearest lost and found?
Can you tell me where the nearest bus stop is?
Where's the nearest shopping mall?
Can you tell me where the nearest antique shop is?
Where is nearest American Express office?
I'd like to know the phone number of the nearest American Express office.
It was raining on and off all night long.
I wonder whether man could live with only two hours' sleep a night.
Generally, Japanese people are shy.
Generally speaking, men are physically stronger than women.
In general, consumers prefer quantity to quality.
The Japanese at large consider themselves better off than they used to be.
Want a drink?
New Year's Day is the key to the year.
I only missed one day of work because of a cold and my desk is piled high with papers.
I had to stay in bed all day.
Do you offer any all-day tours?
I find it difficult to do all this work in a day.
On behalf of the company, I welcome you.
Once across the river, you are safe.
I can't do two things at a time.
Rome was not built in a day.
A car passed by at top speed.
Can his story be true?
What on earth are you doing here?
Why on earth are you here?
How in the world did you do it?
Why on earth did you sell your newly-built house?
What on earth is the matter?
Whatever is that noise?
What on earth are you doing in my room?
What the hell are you going to do with it?
What in the world are you getting at?
Can you speak English at all?
What was it that you gave him?
What the devil are you doing?
To kill two birds with one stone.
At one time, people would not have hesitated to light up a cigarette in stations, restaurants, or hospital waiting rooms.
If he studied hard, he would pass the test.
Study hard, and you'll succeed.
You can make your dream come true by working hard.
I ran as fast as I could.
I ran as fast as I could.
You can't get ahead if you don't work hard.
Hard work and dedication will bring you success.
I'm trying hard, but can't think of her name.
I began living by myself.
All the workers went home save one.
I dislike being alone.
An old man broke into our conversation.
A boy is walking across the street.
One can't help many, but many can help one.
Let me go alone.
I don't want to go alone.
She allowed him to go alone.
Though she wished to travel abroad by herself, she thought better of it.
Can you move this desk by yourself?
Did you come here alone?
The admission is ten dollars a person.
The admission is ten dollars a person.
Won't you come with me?
I'm sorry for your not having come with us.
Come along with me and go fishing.
May I run with you?
I would like to go with you.
Do you want to come along?
Do you want to come along?
Put it on one bill, please.
Would you like to go see a movie with me?
With great effort he climbed up the tree.
I was in the hospital for a week.
I went without food for a week.
He took a week off.
We have five English classes a week.
It stopped snowing an hour ago.
Ten to one it'll clear up in an hour or so.
Scarcely an hour goes by that I don't I think of you with love.
They left there the day before yesterday.
There is no time to be lost.
Write on every other line.
Can I have a bite?
He didn't say a word.
At first sight, the question seemed easy.
January is the first month of the year.
I'm taking an exam in January.
Please sing a song.
I want to sing a song.
Let's take a rest.
How about taking a rest?
A word is enough to a wise man.
I don't like being made a fool of.
One is new, and the other is old.
To know a language is one thing, and to teach it is another.
For one thing, I've no money, and for another, I've no leisure.
Would you do me a favor?
Would you do me a favor?
I have a favor to ask of you.
The well has run dry.
There was no water in the well.
There was little water in the well.
The well ran dry.
Can I use my medical insurance?
Do you have medical insurance?
Could you call a doctor, please?
Do you think we should send for the doctor?
Shall I go for the doctor?
You must send for the doctor.
Will you send for a doctor?
You'd better send for a doctor.
The doctor told her that she should take a rest.
The doctor gave it to her.
The doctor called him back.
The doctor cured him of his cancer.
The doctor advised him to do more exercise.
The doctor felt my pulse.
The doctor examined my throat.
The doctor advised me to stop smoking.
The doctor advised me to give up smoking.
Doctors warn us of a possible danger.
The doctor continued to observe the patient's behavior.
The doctor administered medicine to the patient.
The doctor examined the patients.
What did he say?
The doctor insisted that the patient get plenty of rest.
The doctor thought the patient's pulse was rather rapid.
The doctor may have said so.
The doctor may have said so.
The doctor told Mr Smith to give up smoking if he wanted to live long.
The doctor decided to operate at once.
The doctor came immediately.
The doctor is looking for medicine that is effective for this illness.
The doctor tried every possible means to save his patient.
The doctor used X-rays to examine my stomach.
All the doctor's efforts were in vain and the man soon died.
You had better do as the doctor advised you.
Did you see a doctor?
You'd better consult your doctor.
I'd like to see a doctor.
I'd like to see a doctor.
You ought to see a doctor.
I think you should see a doctor.
You need to see a doctor.
Did you go to the doctor?
You should consult your doctor.
Is it right for a doctor to decide when someone should die?
Doctors refused to perform a second operation.
Doctors have discovered some startling facts.
The doctor treated her injury.
Where is the lost and found?
You really shouldn't use pirated software.
Wrong.
The difference is this: he works harder than you.
Please get dressed.
I got a stomach tumor and had to have it operated on.
My stomach hurts.
My stomach hurts.
Do you feel any pain in your stomach?
The emigrants have endured physical and mental pain.
Years of resistance to misfortune ended when the settlers' village was overcome by the savages and their hopes and lives came to the bitter end.
Could you say that in plain English?
Knowing their languages is not enough to communicate effectively, because the methods of communication are determined by their cultures.
Having no will is the worst handicap.
The committee is composed of three men and seven women.
Our committee consists of ten members.
The committee inquired into the cause of the accident.
The committee meets twice a month.
Every great writer seems to have been interested in English.
I still haven't heard from him.
Miss Ito made her students work hard.
Mr Ito teaches history.
Have you met her before?
I saw him at one time or another.
"He used to love me," she answered sadly.
It used to be thought that the earth was flat.
You used to smoke, didn't you?
There used to be a church here.
There used to be a store right here.
There used to be an old temple here.
I've always wanted to meet you.
Haven't we met before?
I've been to Hokkaido before.
I may have seen that film before, but I can hardly remember it.
I'll never do this again.
The following is a summary of the President's speech.
The explanation below was achieved by comparing and contrasting a variety of different theories.
Could you send me a brochure?
Where is the information counter?
It is too dark to see clearly.
It's getting dark. Please turn the light on for me.
It is getting dark. Let's go home.
Don't let her go out after dark.
Don't go out after dark.
Don't walk alone after dark.
Dark as it was, we managed to find our way home.
Dark clouds are a sign of rain.
On entering a dark tunnel, we could see nothing.
You may injure yourself if you don't follow safety procedures.
You should drive at a safe speed.
Safety is what matters most.
I feel relieved.
It seemed to be cheap.
I had a nightmare.
I feel as if I've woken up from a nightmare.
Speak of the devil and he is sure to appear.
Due to bad weather, the plane was late.
Bad weather prevented us from starting.
Not bad.
A bad habit, once formed, is difficult to get rid of.
I don't like bad boys.
It is I that am bad.
I'm sorry, but it's just not possible.
Aoi dances very well.
Aoi is a very good dancer.
Aoi dances well.
Aoi's hobby is dancing.
Aoi became a dancer.
Aoi dances.
Love blinded him to her faults.
At last, Mario managed to win the princess's love.
Nothing is as precious as love.
Love me little, love me long.
Ai finds it difficult to make friends with Ken.
Love makes the world go round.
Love and Peace.
Love is seeing her in your dreams.
To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness.
To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness.
It is the greatest happiness in life to love and to be loved.
As long as we love each other, we'll be all right.
Mt. Aso is an active volcano.
We must not laugh at the poor.
We defeated the enemy.
We must work as long as we live.
We lost sight of the man in the crowd.
We are but men, not gods.
We should do our best.
We must try to break the deadlock.
We are all looking forward to seeing you and your family.
We must study the affair as a whole.
We differ from them in some respects.
We sat, as it were, on a volcano.
Our world is only a small part of the universe.
In our society we find men of integrity along with crooks.
We've received a lot of applications in answer to our advertisements.
I am ashamed of myself.
I've caught a bad cold.
I'm going to Europe next week.
I study about two hours every day.
I walked up the hill.
I have a firm belief in his innocence.
I could not convince him of his mistake.
I saw him run away.
I like both dogs and cats.
I swim once a week.
I want to go with you.
I want to go with you.
I want to go with you.
I'm from Kyoto.
I'd rather go swimming.
I simply don't understand this.
I have almost no money with me.
I like pizza very much.
I managed to get there in time.
I'm learning how to type.
I have nothing to do with the affair.
I was absent from the party.
I wanted to go there.
I didn't mean to do that.
I'm staying at the Sheraton Hotel.
I invited them to the party.
What he said really hurt me.
I always walk to school.
I went to bed later than usual.
I want to travel with you.
I took it that you would come.
That's the part I liked best.
I am at home.
I lost the camera I had bought the day before.
I am more beautiful than you.
My house is only a mile from here.
Pass me the wine, please.
My aunt lives in New York.
I have a friend whose father is a famous pianist.
I have no particular reason to do so.
I have a lot of work to do.
We discussed the plan yesterday.
We drove to Hakone last Sunday.
We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness.
We've been horsing around too much; it's high time we got down to brass tacks.
Our school is across the river.
I'll get some glasses.
Which is the capital of the United States, Washington or New York?
Cherry trees are now in bloom in Washington.
It is kind of you go out of your way to help me.
Do not bother to come to my home.
Our country abounds in products.
We import tea from India.
Our people thirst for independence.
Our school was founded in 1990.
There is a church near my house.
I'd like to have a glass of wine.
We'd like another bottle of wine.
We'd like to have some wine.
May I see the wine list?
Wine is made from grapes.
Wine helps digest food.
What number bus do I take to get to Waikiki?
Did you visit the Tower of London?
The river that flows through London is the Thames.
I got on the train for London.
Have you been to London before?
On the way to London Mr Higgins told Tom and Susie many interesting things.
She hasn't phoned since she went to London.
London is famous for its fog.
London was a city built for the horse.
London is among the largest cities in the world.
London was bombed several times.
What time is it in London now?
It is seven in London now.
London is different from Tokyo climatically.
London is the capital of England.
London is no longer a city of fog.
London is such a large city that visitors must use buses and the underground railway to get about.
London is on the Thames.
London, where I live, used to be famous for its fog.
Did you have a good time on your trip to London?
In the London underground there is a warning to "mind the gap" when boarding the train.
Much of London was destroyed in the seventeenth century.
The people of London are very proud of this bridge.
The population of London is much greater than that of any other British city.
Do you know the concert schedule of London Symphony Orchestra?
In London, the police are always worried about finding a bomb on the train or subway.
London's climate differs from that of Tokyo.
On his arrival in London, he sent me a telegram.
As soon as I get to London, I'll drop you a line.
Be sure to drop us a line as soon as you get to London.
There are a lot of parks in London.
When did you get to London?
I ordered a book from London.
Long skirts are out of fashion now.
Long skirts are out of fashion now.
I hear Robert is sick.
Robert enjoyed talking with his girlfriend.
Which do you like better, rock music or classical music?
Roger works from morning till night.
Russian is very difficult to learn.
Russia is facing great financial difficulties.
Los Angeles is one of the places that I'd like to visit.
Have you ever gone to Paris?
The rocket was launched into space.
Interest on loans is high at present.
Ms. Roland, what do you think about this problem?
Laura may have been sick.
Laura is very particular about her clothes.
Laura Ingalls grew up on the prairie.
Have you ever visited Rome?
Rome is a city worth visiting.
Rome is an old city.
Rome is famous for its ancient architecture.
Do in Rome as the Romans do.
I'm looking for books on Roman history.
Rome has a lot of ancient buildings.
Stand back from the rope.
May I have a road map, please?
The candle went out instead of having been put out.
I'd like to rent a car.
Through the lens the image was inverted.
You should turn in your term papers by the end of April.
Where's the checkout counter?
Fill it with regular, please.
Five gallons of regular, please.
I was exhausted after running the race.
How long is the Rainbow Bridge?
I would like mine rare.
Ruriko is a high school student.
Luciano might have the crowd behind him, but he's still wet behind the ears.
Lucy is a student from America.
My roommate is too talkative.
Lucy is certain to come.
Lucy cannot use chopsticks.
Lucy sometimes visits May.
Lucy likes playing tennis.
Lucy is a pretty little girl.
Lucy is from America.
It was not until Lucy left me that I realized how much I loved her.
Linda came home late at night.
Linda stood up to sing.
Linda can dance as well as Meg.
Linda stuck her tongue out.
Linda loves chocolate.
How did you like Linda's concert?
Linda Wood was standing at the door.
I am eating an apple.
Would you like another apple?
She bit into the apple.
I'd like two kilos of apples.
Do you like apples?
All the apple trees were cut down.
The apple tree has a beautiful blossom.
Which do you prefer, apples or bananas?
The apple fell from the tree.
Some apples fell down from the tree.
An apple fell to the ground.
Lincoln was opposed to slavery.
President Lincoln was what we call a self-made man.
Lincoln set the slaves free.
Lincoln died in 1865.
Lincoln was elected President in 1860.
Lincoln's parents remained poor all their lives.
What's the fare to Liverpool?
Recession is a temporary falling off of business activity during a period when such activity is generally increasing.
Put down your name on the list and pass it on to the next person.
Her name wasn't on the list.
Lisa speaks not only English but also French.
The lamp was suspended from the branch of a tree.
Two for the lunch buffet, please.
Lansing is the state capital of Michigan.
Russell was a brilliant philosopher, but even the simplest practical task was quite beyond him.
There ought to be more buses during the rush hours.
I'm listening to the radio.
Turn off the radio, please.
Will you please turn down the radio?
Can I borrow your radio?
Turn on the radio.
Please turn on the radio.
The communication of news by TV and radio is very common now.
The radio was invented by Marconi.
Please turn down the radio.
Turn the radio up a little.
Turn up the radio. I can't hear it.
According to the radio, it will snow tomorrow.
The radio is a bit loud.
It was Marie Curie who discovered radium.
A camel is, so to speak, a ship on the desert.
A camel is to the desert what a ship is to the sea.
Do you have any light beer?
Please turn off the light.
Have you got a lighter?
The lion is king of beasts.
The lions fought with each other to get food.
The lion is the king of the jungle.
As the lion is king of beasts, so is the eagle king of birds.
You may come if you like.
You all right?
We want further information.
Put on your good shoes.
Do you travel a lot?
I was at my best after a good sleep.
I've had a good sleep.
I can't hear very well.
Listen carefully.
He that hears much and speaks not at all shall be welcome both in bower and hall.
He that hears much and speaks not at all shall be welcome both in bower and hall.
Put on your thinking cap and try to remember whose house you slept at last night.
You must keep your eyes open.
I feel depressed often.
Do you eat out often?
I often go to the movies.
I wonder if you don't get tired of doing the same thing every day.
How dare he complain?
How dare you laugh at me!
How dare you speak like that to me?
How dare you say that!
Come along with us if you like.
Good. No absentees.
Good. No absentees.
The European likes to drink wine.
While traveling in Europe, I was pickpocketed on a train.
Europe has a smaller population than Asia.
The war in Europe was carried into Africa.
Many of Europe's metropolises are plagued by the doughnut phenomenon.
Instead of going to Europe, I decided to go to America.
Are there many people in Europe who believe in ghosts even now?
School starts in September in Europe.
All right! You will be sorry for this.
Yoko is interested in collecting stamps.
I'm glad you could come to the party.
I am happy to have so many good friends.
Sweet dreams!
Do you think we'll have good weather?
The best fish smell when they are three days old.
Have a nice day.
To be a good batter, you've got to hang loose and follow your instincts.
A smell of lilies filled the room.
What is learned in the cradle is carried to the tomb.
What is learned in the cradle is carried to the tomb.
Yumiko belongs to the tennis club.
Yumiko married a childhood friend last June.
Where is the United Airlines check-in counter?
Take your time.
Take your time.
Work slowly.
Drive slowly.
Last night my house was robbed while I was still awake.
Last night my house was robbed while I was still awake.
I had a good sleep last night.
I was expecting you last night.
Our car broke down last night.
I have a lot of homework to do.
Much still remains to be done.
Do your best in anything you do.
I simply haven't the time to do everything I want to do.
It has finally stopped snowing and has warmed up.
At last, the truth became known to us.
So, we finally meet! I've waited so long for this moment.
At last, the bus stopped.
You'll succeed if you try.
You never know what you can do till you try.
It is the first step which is troublesome.
Because it is written in simple English even a child can understand it.
Written in easy English, the book is easy to read.
Cool the burned finger in running water.
By and by he forgot that affair.
It will not be long before we can know the truth of the matter.
By and by the party ended and everyone went home.
In time, Tom came to love her.
Hi, Bill. How are you?
Hi! How are you?
Molly has a large clock.
I do not need a loan anymore.
I used to read novels at random.
You should eat more vegetables.
You should eat more vegetables.
You're old enough to know better.
More often than not, she had to go in person.
I wish I had more time to talk with her.
I wish I were taller.
We should judge matters on a broader basis.
Louder.
Do you have a larger size?
Walk faster, or you'll miss the train.
I'm sorry I didn't reply to you sooner.
Had I arrived earlier, I could have seen Kelly.
I should have left earlier.
You should have started by now.
You ought to have come here earlier.
Sorry I didn't e-mail you sooner.
You need to eat more fiber.
Less noise, please.
You must gather further information.
I want more detailed information.
Do you have any smaller sizes?
I wish I were younger.
I wish we had more time.
I could have done better if I had had more time.
I could have done better if I had had more time.
You should try to behave better.
A more experienced lawyer would have dealt with the case in a different way.
Could you put it in plain language?
You'll never achieve anything if you don't study harder.
Show me a cheaper one, please.
How about some more roast beef?
He asked me to speak more slowly.
Walk more slowly.
Could you drive more slowly?
Help yourself to more potato chips.
Does anyone want some more pie?
I want a lot more.
You should eat more fruit.
I wish I earned more money.
I'm going to save more money.
Can you think of something better?
I'll certainly go and see him.
Of course I accepted his offer of support.
Yes, of course.
Yes, of course.
Definitely!
Why not?
Why not? I'd be happy to.
If it is fine tomorrow, we will play baseball.
What if he should happen to be late?
If you should need any help, just let me know.
If anything should happen, please let me know.
If I were you, I wouldn't do it.
If a sick person folds one thousand paper cranes, her wish will come true.
If her temperature goes up, send for the doctor.
If it had not been for his help, I would have failed.
If I knew his address, I could write to him.
We will help him if he asks us.
We will help him if he asks us.
If he knew her phone number, he could call her.
He ought to be punished if he commits a crime.
I mean to go tomorrow if the weather is fine.
If I could be reborn, I would want to be the child of a rich family, then I'd be set for life.
If it were not for water, no one could live on earth.
If the car breaks down, we'll walk.
If time permits, I'll visit the museum.
I will come, time permitting.
If you have time, please drop in on us.
If it were not for examinations, how happy our school life would be!
If I had wings, I would fly to you.
It would be unfair if we treated him so badly.
If I were a bird, I could fly to you.
If I had worked hard in my youth, I would be successful now.
If I knew the truth, I would tell you.
If I were to die, what would my family do?
If I were in your place, I would lend him a hand.
Had I known about it, I would have told you.
If I had bought the painting then, I would be rich now.
Were I in your place I would do the same thing.
I wouldn't do that if I were you.
If today was Sunday, I would go fishing.
If I had one million yen now, I would buy a car.
If a high hill stood between A and B, it was important to decide whether the line should climb over it, pierce it with a tunnel, or make a detour to avoid it.
You can go if you want to.
If I lost my key, I wouldn't be able to lock the door.
If it had not been for your help, I couldn't have completed the work.
If it were not for your help, I could not succeed.
I don't want to go if you don't go with me.
If you hurry, you will catch up with him.
Correct me if I am wrong.
In case anything happens, call me immediately.
If you want a pencil, I'll lend you one.
Are you there?
Hello, this is Mike.
He would be very glad to hear the news.
If it were not for the computer, how inconvenient our lives would be!
If you want this job, you must apply for it by tomorrow.
He might change his mind.
If you want to study in the United States, you need to get a student visa.
If you do not go fishing tomorrow, I will not either.
I don't really like the stores there.
Have you answered that letter yet?
Have you eaten your dinner already?
Have you cleaned your room yet?
Have you called her yet?
Have you met him already?
You had better not go there again.
You will be able to speak fluent English in another few months.
I've got to hang up now. Someone is waiting to use the phone.
Have you eaten your lunch yet?
It's late.
No one trusts him any more.
Now that you're a college student, you should study harder.
I don't feel like waiting any longer.
I have been reading this for a few hours.
You should get yourself a new car now.
Take things a little more seriously.
I wish I were a little taller.
Can't you stay a little longer?
If you had left home a little earlier you would have been in time.
Do you think you could make a little less noise?
May I ask you some more questions?
Put in a little more sugar.
I wish I had a better memory.
I wish I had a better memory.
Can you give me a discount?
Can you give me a discount?
Can you give me a discount?
Can you give me a discount?
Do you have a room that's a little cheaper?
Turn the radio down a little.
Please speak a little more slowly.
Would you speak more slowly, please?
Put some more wood on the fire.
Would you like some more beef?
I'd like some more bread, please.
I almost forgot it.
I barely escaped being hit by the truck.
Would you like some more salad?
Would you like some more cake?
Why don't you stay a little while?
I gave up all hope of survival.
Have you handed in your homework?
Have you finished your homework yet?
Have you finished your homework?
Time is up.
Have you washed your hands yet?
We have no time.
I will make it clear that I won't come again.
It is time you left off your childish ways.
My age is going to tell on me.
Have you read today's paper yet?
I don't want to hear any more excuses.
No, thank you.
Let's patch up our argument.
Have you arrived at a decision yet?
It's already time to go home.
I guess I'll have to leave now.
I can't stand it anymore.
May I go home now?
You'd better go back home now.
Now that it has stopped raining, we can go home.
With just a little more effort, he would have succeeded.
I'm done up.
I'm done up.
Another step, and you would have fallen down the stairs.
I feel like another beer.
I want to climb Mt. Fuji again.
Another war, and we will be ruined.
Read it once more, please.
I would like to talk with you again.
Can I have the menu again, please?
Should he be given another chance, he would do his best.
Read it once more.
Try it once again.
Why don't you give it another try?
I want to go there once more.
I beg your pardon; I didn't quite catch your name.
I am anxious to visit Britain once again.
I want to see them again.
Surely he can not enter a second time into his mother's womb to be born!
One more effort, you will get on in life.
Please show me another one.
May I have another piece of cake?
I'd better go to bed now.
The other grasped his arm.
I'm sick and tired of hamburgers.
I'm sick and tired of hamburgers.
It is time you went to bed. Turn off the radio.
It's high time you left for school, isn't it?
How about adding a little bit more salt?
How about another round?
I almost drowned.
Could you please speak a little bit more slowly?
Almost.
Do you want to stay any longer?
I have had it.
That's too much.
That's too much.
Let's not talk about it any more.
There's nothing there.
I was nearly hit by a car.
It'll soon be time for dinner.
It will get warmer soon.
Spring will come soon.
Spring will come soon.
It is going to rain very soon.
It is almost three.
I can't walk any farther.
She does not eat cake, so as not to put on any more weight.
It would be better for both of us not to see each other anymore.
I can no longer remain silent.
I don't want any more.
There's no other way than this now.
I've had enough of this program.
Have you finished eating your lunch?
It is time for you to go to bed.
They're already here.
I'll try again, thank you.
I can't stand that noise any longer.
It's already nine o'clock.
It's already seven.
It's six o'clock already.
I'll wait another five minutes.
It is already past five o'clock.
I think we had better wait for another 30 minutes.
I wish to climb Mt. Fuji again.
I'd like to stay one more night. Is that possible?
It's already eleven o'clock. I must be leaving now.
It's been almost ten years, but you're as beautiful as ever.
It's already past ten o'clock.
They are melons.
Did I tell you what Melissa said?
Mary made a cake without her mother's knowledge.
Mary wants to become a teacher.
Mary is interested in politics.
Mary can dance well.
You should make notes.
I don't have enough RAM.
There was a great variety of dishes on the menu.
All you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity.
Meg didn't even look at me.
Meg found a four leaf clover.
Meg is filled with excitement.
Meg sometimes annoys Ken.
Meg bought a can of tomatoes.
Meg bought a can of tomatoes.
Meg agreed to Ken's plan.
Meg talks too much.
Meg is as tall as Ken.
Meg and Ken sat on the bench.
Have you ever been to Mexico?
What is the language spoken in Mexico?
I couldn't make out what he meant by 'megafeps'.
Who is that gentleman in spectacles?
I can't find my glasses. I may have left them behind on the train.
I can't find my glasses.
I can't find my glasses.
Mary is both intelligent and kind.
Mary took out the eggs one by one.
Mary won't listen to her friend's advice.
Mary is going to help us tomorrow.
Mary is going to help us tomorrow.
Mary looks like her mother.
Mary is not poor. On the contrary, she is quite rich.
Mary arrived at the hospital.
Mary hurried to the hospital.
Mary is at a loss what to say to him.
Mary is tall.
Mary spoke Japanese slowly.
Mary can speak Japanese.
Mary understands Chinese.
Mary asked her son to behave himself.
Mary ran.
Mary went on a voyage around the world.
Mary said she would do her homework.
Mary showed the letter to me.
Mary is studying in her room.
Mary gave me an American doll.
Mary gave me an American doll.
Mary stayed up late last night.
When Mary was spoken to by a stranger, she was at a loss for words.
Mary is sitting at the desk.
Mary had to go to school.
Mary went down to the kitchen.
Mary can swim.
Mary likes milk very much.
Mary has not started yet.
Mary plays the piano.
Mary is a very pretty girl.
Mary closed the door quietly.
Mary has just come home.
Mary is very attached to the little girl.
Mary has already started.
Mary loses her temper easily.
Mary told John the secret.
Mary told John the secret.
Mary swims as fast as Jack.
Mary is the prettiest girl in her class.
Mary is helping her mother.
Mary set the basket on the table.
Mary got the nod from among some 500 applicants.
Mary got the nod from among some 500 applicants.
When did you learn of Mary's divorce?
I met a friend of Mary's.
Mary and I became good friends.
Speaking of Mary, I have not seen her for a long time.
How did you get to know Mary?
Mary, this is Joe's brother David.
Waste not, want not.
We can see a church over there.
The man reading a paper over there is my uncle.
Who is the boy that is swimming over there?
Ming wasn't dancing with Masao then.
Everyone hoped that she would win.
All sold out!
There are some cookies in the jar.
They were all hoarse from shouting.
We all like cycling.
Everybody agrees with you.
Everybody is waiting for you.
Everybody is waiting for you.
Does everybody love music?
It is difficult to satisfy everyone.
I was left out in the cold by everyone.
Everyone thinks so.
We found that everyone was asleep.
Everyone attacked my opinion.
Everybody wants to sit beside her.
Everyone admires the pictures painted by him.
Finish your homework by the time they return.
I got a farewell present from everyone.
Everybody looks up to Henry.
Everyone was listening very carefully.
Please give me a glass of milk.
All of the milk was spilled.
All of the milk was spilled.
My older sister often drinks tea with milk.
Where is the milk tea?
Cheese is made from milk.
Miniskirts have gone out of fashion.
We should respect our parents.
Ladies and gentlemen, due to an accident at the airport, our arrival will be delayed.
Red, as opposed to green, is a sign of danger.
Medium-rare and a potato, please.
Mick killed time by reading a magazine while waiting for his date.
Mick named the baby Richard.
Never be afraid of making mistakes.
I felt as if I were in a dream.
She looks as if she were drunk.
Mari has been in Hungary.
Mary has a flower in her hand.
Maria spends a lot of money on clothes.
Maria spends a lot of money on clothes.
Maria knew neither his name nor his phone number.
Maria takes piano lessons once a week.
Malaria is carried by mosquitoes.
Mayuko eats bread for breakfast.
Mayuko goes to school by bicycle.
Mayuko took a bite of my apple.
Mayuko wiped a table with a cloth.
Mayuko can't bear living alone.
Allow me to introduce Mayuko to you.
For how long did the Maya culture flourish?
Soon the same waiter came back to pick up the dishes.
Dinner will be ready soon.
It was not long before he knew it.
You will soon hear from him.
It will clear up soon.
In a few minutes we'll be landing at New Tokyo International Airport.
It was not long before we met again by chance.
It was not long before Mr Yamazaki recovered.
It soon began to rain very hard.
It won't be long before we know the truth.
We can seat you soon.
Mummy has to do the washing this afternoon.
Mummy cried.
You helped Mommy?
You'll catch it from Mummy.
My eyelid feels hot.
Madeira is the name of a wine.
Do you have a match?
I agree completely.
You are quite right.
Quite by chance, I met my old friend at the airport.
Mac knows how to use this computer.
It is me that is wrong.
Excuse me for opening your letter by mistake.
See you next week!
I hope you will call again.
I don't know yet.
My head still felt giddy.
I haven't eaten lunch yet.
I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
Are you still collecting stamps?
I haven't finished my homework yet.
I haven't finished my homework yet.
We still have plenty of time left.
There you go again.
I haven't made up my mind yet.
I haven't made up my mind yet.
There were several rooms still vacant.
I hope I'll see you again soon.
It's still too early to get up.
Let's get together again!
See you again.
It is likely to rain again.
Is it still raining?
You're still green.
Let's do it another time.
Let's do it another time.
Let's do it another time.
I look forward to your next visit.
I am still keeping up my tennis craze.
I am still keeping up my tennis craze.
We still have plenty of time.
I haven't had a chance to see the movie yet.
Do come again.
See you soon!
I hope to see you again.
I hope to see you again.
Do you still need tea?
It is foolish of him to pay for it again.
I trust that I can see you again.
Nice to see you.
See you around.
I look forward to seeing you again.
I'll see you later.
She must still be in her twenties.
I'm not ready yet.
I haven't decided yet.
And even outside these nations, English is perhaps more widely used as a medium of international communication than any other language.
First, I should hear both sides.
I must finish this work first.
To begin with, we must tackle the problem.
The first subject that attracted my attention was philosophy.
We must finish our homework first.
The first thing you have to take into consideration is time.
Physically impossible.
Marry first and love will follow.
First came the Celts in 600 B.C.
First came the Celts in 600 B.C.
More and more people are moving to urban areas.
Where would you like to go first?
First of all, you should talk it over with your parents.
I want to eat some cake first.
Please fill out this form first.
Masaru claims that he is innocent.
Masaru wants to join the English Club.
He hasn't come already, has he?
He hasn't come already, has he?
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
Save for a rainy day.
Believe it or not, she has three children.
You must be kidding!
You must be kidding!
Mother Teresa was given the Nobel prize.
Makoto found his true love on top of Ayers Rock. She's from Osaka.
What do you think about having breakfast at McDonald's?
As a man sows, so he shall reap.
You reap what you sow.
You reap what you sow.
You reap what you sow.
Michael, this is the restaurant where your father and I had our first date.
May I speak to Mike, please?
Mike said that he would come.
Mike can't play baseball well.
Mike is the youngest in his family.
Does Mike call his dog Pochi?
Mike speaks good Japanese.
Mike has been making a model plane since breakfast.
Mike had his teeth checked last week.
Mike smiled.
Mike named his dog Spike.
Mike ran very fast yesterday.
Mike doesn't practice basketball on Monday.
Mike was elected chairperson.
Mike sings well.
Mike said a few words by way of suggestion.
Mike eats out almost every night.
Mike goes to school by bus.
Mike likes to play basketball.
Mike swims very well.
Mike is the only man on the board.
Mike is always nagging his father to buy him a car.
Mike asked that he not be disturbed.
Mike went to Kyoto last summer.
Mike has been out of work for a year.
Mike has a few friends in Florida.
Mike and Ken are friends.
Did you hear that, Mike?
How are you, Mike?
Miss March gave me an English dictionary.
Hurry up, Martin. We're already late!
Just put yourself in my shoes.
Martha is an excellent pianist.
Mark graduated from Harvard in 1991.
I made up my mind to get married to Margaret.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Oh, what is this?
Only a handful of people know the fact.
Only a few people understood me.
Only a few people understood me.
Only a few people understood me.
He is but a child.
Could I see you a minute, please?
Do you know what it is like to be really hungry?
"Look," she said.
Here comes the train.
It's close to ten o'clock. It's about time we went to bed.
Bob can drive a car, too.
Bob can drive a car, too.
Bob can cook.
Bob usually goes to bed at ten.
Bob has a lot of books in his room.
Bob gave Tina almost all the stamps he had collected, and kept only a few for himself.
Bob has too many books to read.
Bob could not control his anger.
Bob worked as a clerk in the grocery store on Saturday.
Bob forgot to bring the pass, which made him late for school.
Bob met her grandfather early in the morning.
Bob entered the house through a window.
Is Bob right?
Bob missed the last train and had to take a taxi.
Bob must have had an accident.
Bob is my friend.
Bob is the only student that can speak Spanish in our class.
Bob got impatient at his wife's delay.
Bob saw him again.
Bob writes to me once a month.
Bob was somewhat chubbier than his brother.
Bob is popular at school.
Bob is in the drama club.
Bob lost interest in rock music.
Bob seldom writes to his parents.
Bob filled the pot with water.
Bob was very happy.
Bob often tries to give up smoking.
Bob came home very late.
Bob was washing the dishes at that time.
Bob did not agree to the plan.
Bob can answer all the questions.
Bob was popular with all his classmates.
Bob plays not only the guitar but also the flute.
Bob is a nice person.
Bob will be home at six.
Bob reached the finish line first.
Bob's father teaches at a girls' school.
Bob and Mary play the recorder.
We won't start till Bob comes.
Bob helped me.
Bobby may watch TV until 7:00.
She can hardly speak Japanese.
I was barely able to work.
I can hardly walk.
Almost everybody was invited.
There's very little paper left.
I know almost nothing about it.
I know almost nothing about it.
Most boys like baseball.
Most Americans are descended from immigrants.
Most Americans are descended from immigrants.
Nearly all Japanese have dark hair.
Take a taxi to the hotel.
Is the hotel close to the airport?
I'd like a hotel reservation.
Please get me hotel security.
It was dark when I reached the hotel.
I'm planning to stay at the hotel.
We could see the full extent of the park from the hotel.
I like pop music.
Pour melted butter over the popcorn.
Will you please lend me a stapler?
Did you push the button?
The button came off.
One of your buttons has come off.
The boss has a good opinion of your work.
I can't keep this up. It's an emotional roller coaster around here and all we have to do is look at the boss's face to know whether everybody is going to be happy or sad.
Boston is too cold for me, let alone Chicago.
Is this the right bus for Boston?
Where is the mailbox?
I succeeded in getting what I wanted.
I succeeded in getting what I wanted.
Take as many cookies as you want.
Tomorrow is my day off.
I wish to see my father.
I don't know, nor do I care.
I'm about ready.
I go to bed very early.
As a boy I used to lie on my back on the grass and look at the white clouds.
I'm a little angry with you.
I was laughed at in school today.
I will take you for a swim.
I don't believe you. You're always telling lies.
I'm Tom Hunter.
I will try it again.
I'm feeling fit.
I say this from my heart.
I want to emphasize this point in particular.
I don't like coffee.
I don't like coffee.
I prefer tea to coffee.
I gave up smoking for a year.
I like tennis very much.
Don't avoid my question.
My car burns a lot of gas.
My bicycle has a flat tire.
What did you do with my glasses?
What did you do with my glasses?
My pen isn't as good as yours.
What have you done with my pen? It was here a minute ago.
Leave my camera alone.
He got mad at me for calling him Shorty.
I can't afford to pay so much.
Can you give me some money?
You can come with me.
Boxing is not always a rough sport.
Everything else is fine.
Are you going to visit any other countries?
Throw the ball back to me.
I have a ball-point pen, but I want another.
My ballpoint pen just ran out of ink.
Paul made a lot of money last year.
Paul studies very hard these days.
Balls are round.
The ball bounded away into our neighbor's garden.
I wonder what happened to Paul.
The number of the chairs in the hall is 80.
There's a telephone in the hall.
A ball is floating down the river.
Paul's success was a myth.
Did Paula study for today's test?
Paula and I cooked dinner on Sunday.
Those homeless people are living hand-to-mouth.
I feel homesick.
A new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race.
Stick a notice on the board.
Do you have a pen?
Would you mind lending me your pen?
Would you mind lending me your pen?
I must put my ideas together before I take up a pen.
Henry is old enough to support himself.
Henry James was an American by birth.
Henry wants to see you.
Ben learned to make a fire without matches.
Please write with a pen.
Benjamin shot a bear with a rifle.
If you need a pen, I'll lend you one.
Helen is very worried about her daughter.
Helen visits her uncle every Sunday.
Helen is playing in the yard.
Helen got off at the next stop.
Helen came to Japan last year.
Helen graduated from high school last year.
Helen always keeps her room clean.
Helen is seventeen years old.
Helen and Kathy rented an apartment in a suburb of Tokyo.
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and dumb.
Helen, this is my cousin.
Bern is the capital of Switzerland.
Press the bell twice.
It is dangerous to ride a motorbike without a helmet.
Has the bell rung?
The bell rings at noon.
The bell has not rung yet.
A Persian cat was sleeping under the table.
The bell rang and the train moved off.
What is the common language in Peru?
Tell those people to back off so that the helicopter can land.
Hemingway enjoyed big game hunting in Africa.
The mere thought of a snake makes me shiver.
They say that Venice is a beautiful city.
Betty killed her mother.
Betty killed her.
Betty killed him.
Betty drives fast.
Betty sat in the chair with her legs crossed.
Betty is watering the flowers.
Betty has a sweet voice.
Betty talks as if she knew everything.
Betty always managed to get what she wanted.
Betty can play the piano.
Betty is a dancing teacher.
Betty is crazy about dancing.
Betty is crazy about dancing.
Betty seemed surprised at the news.
Betty has climbed the mountain three times.
Betty likes classical music.
Betty is a pretty girl, isn't she?
Please make the bed.
I found the bed quite comfortable.
There is a cat under the bed.
My pet cat died yesterday.
You must not stay in bed.
Get out of bed!
Beth was asked by her lazy boyfriend to do his history homework.
Beth has a strong habit of interrupting people while they are talking.
Bess is simply a child.
Do your best.
Beethoven was a great musician.
Beethoven goes to the piano, sits down at it, and begins to play.
Peter loves Jane.
Look at the picture at the top of the page.
I didn't need to paint the fence.
Miss Baker knew that the young man would have to leave very soon, so she decided to ask him to move his car a bit, so that she could park hers in the proper place for the night before going to bed.
After asking for my key at the front desk, I took the elevator to my floor.
Have you heard from Freddie?
Fred wrote his mother a long letter.
Fred is a lazy fellow.
Fred followed my mother wherever she went.
Fred left his wife a large fortune.
Fred often comes late for class.
Fred is always telling lies.
Fred's house has five rooms.
The boy talking with Fred is Mike.
Fred kicked a ball.
It makes no difference to me whether Fred came to the party or not.
Can you gift-wrap this, please?
Thank you for your present.
The function of the brake is to stop the car.
Something is wrong with the brakes.
The brake stopped working.
I want to eat French cuisine.
Do you like French wines?
I want a person who can speak French.
It comes natural to him to speak French.
It's not easy to master French at all.
French is her mother tongue.
French is taught by Mr White, not by Miss Green.
French has many more vowels than Japanese.
I don't speak French very much.
French is their mother tongue.
France is to the south of England.
Frank was waiting with pleasure for the date in the evening.
Frank majored in sociology at university.
Frank left a message by means of a secret code.
A plastic dish will melt on the stove.
Plastics have taken the place of many conventional materials.
Brazil supplies the world with coffee beans of quality.
The capital of Brazil is Brasilia.
What is the language spoken in Brazil?
Mr. Brown made his son learn Chinese.
Mr Brown is a doctor.
Mrs. Brown wrote a book on politics.
Brian left his belongings behind.
Brian left the door open.
Brian studied English for this trip.
Brian kept Kate waiting.
Brian went to school with Kate.
Brian is holding Kate's hands.
This is Brian Rock.
Ha - this work finished! Let's go to next stage!
The rumor turned out to be false.
Give me a bottle of wine.
The taste of wine is largely dependent upon the weather.
You should not adulterate wine with water.
Football is my favorite game.
The football game is now on the air.
The football game is now on the air.
The football game is now on the air.
Bush followed Reagan as president.
Pigs share certain characteristics with human beings.
Mr Ford is all right now.
A fork fell off the table.
There is a fork missing.
There were not more than one hundred passengers on board the ferry.
Phoenix is the capital of Arizona.
While swimming in the pool, she lost her locker key.
I would like to purchase some boots.
What's the capital city of Finland?
There is no water left in the bottle.
Although Hiroko dislikes cigarette smoke, she readily goes out drinking with friends.
Bill is skillful in arguing and debating.
Bill will return next week.
Bill is a baseball player.
Bill is on the editorial staff.
Bill was in Japan.
Bill got mad and called Dick names.
Bill took his brother to the zoo.
Bill took his brother to the zoo.
Bill was adamant that she should obey him.
Bill can ride a bicycle.
Bill is seldom ever on time.
Bill was able to pass the exam.
Bill brought me a glass of water.
Bill lives near the sea.
Bill kept on crying for hours.
Bill got up early in order that he might catch the first train.
Bill often goes to the park.
Bill is not as tall as Bob.
Bill turned on the television.
Bill did not commit the crime.
Bill didn't turn up at the party.
Bill is still a legendary figure in this company.
Bill was late for school as usual.
Bill has many friends.
Bill has many friends.
The Hilton Hotel, please.
Bill called me last night.
Billy is good at sports.
The pyramids were built in ancient times.
Perhaps it will rain tomorrow.
Do you have an extra English dictionary by any chance?
Should anyone call on me in my absence, tell him that I will be back soon.
Something might have happened to her.
He might have lost his way.
It occurred to me that he might be an industrial spy.
Mrs. Hughes, this is Peter Brown.
Cover your head when you are in the sun.
It looks as if it is going to rain.
A woman fell from a ship into the sea.
A policeman ran past.
I always think of him when I'm alone.
You must go to a foreign country for yourself.
You can't lift the piano.
Hitler assumed power in 1933.
Hitomi looked very happy.
There wasn't a soul in sight.
I have a bad toothache.
I've caught a terrible cold.
I have a bad headache.
They started in spite of the heavy rain.
You're sick!
I'd like to marry a girl who likes to play video games.
Sheep provide us with wool.
He was in open-mouthed amazement.
Why don't we order pizza?
We are going downtown to eat pizza.
Pizza is my favorite food.
Pizza is the kind of food that fits into today's life style.
The eaves are dripping.
Please shave my beard.
It is pleasant to shave off my beard.
I cut myself shaving.
Let's go to the picnic.
It's brand new.
Picasso is a famous artist.
Picasso is a famous artist.
Picasso is a famous artist whom everyone knows.
Picasso's paintings seem strange to me.
Would you like some more beer?
Could I have another glass of beer?
Could I get one more beer, please?
Go easy on the beer!
Two beers, please.
I know how to make beef stroganoff.
The Beatles consisted of four musicians.
The hair style of the Beatles created a sensation.
Will you sing me a Beatles' song?
Let's go to the beach.
Peter didn't intend to break the vase.
Peter isn't anything like his father.
Peter talks with his parents in the United States on the phone at least once a week.
Peter is not in now.
Peter doesn't need to attend the meeting.
Peter looks very young.
It is difficult to play the piano.
May I play the piano?
Who is the man playing the piano?
The girl playing the piano is my sister.
The piano was out of tune; it sounded very bad.
Can you play the piano?
Half a loaf is better than none.
Half a loaf is better than none.
I bought two loaves of bread.
Bread is made from flour, water and yeast.
Bread is made from flour, water, and often yeast.
Bread is made from flour.
There's a skeleton choking on a crust of bread.
My band name's Red Hot.
Have you ever seen a panda?
Pandas feed on bamboo grass.
The hunters captured the wild animal with a strong rope net.
I'd like to reserve a flight to Vancouver.
Have you ever been to Hawaii?
Hawaii is a popular tourist resort.
In Hawaii, one can swim in the ocean all year round.
Happy Halloween!
Halley's Comet will come back in 2061.
I play volleyball a lot.
Do you like playing volleyball?
I sprained my finger while playing volleyball.
Some of my classmates like volleyball and others enjoy tennis.
It's fifty kilometers to Paris.
Have you ever been to Paris?
Paris is one of the largest cities in the world.
Paris is best in autumn.
Paris is the capital of France.
It is extremely hot and humid in Bali in December.
I have to brush up my French before I go to Paris to study.
I'm dying to see Paris.
Could she make herself understood in French in Paris?
I remember meeting him in Paris.
Mrs. Harris is very doubtful about her son's future.
Hollywood isn't what it used to be.
Harry managed to swim across the river.
Harry is only 40.
Harry couldn't keep up with the class.
I read an exciting story.
This is a great moment.
The perfume of roses filled the room.
The smell of roses filled the room.
The smell of roses filled the room.
I will have read Hamlet three times if I read it again.
Who wrote Hamlet?
Patty is a smart student.
Pat's going to Jim's birthday party.
My bag was stolen.
My bag was stolen.
Keep an eye on the bags.
Please show me your bag.
The rear-view mirror fell off.
One of my bags is missing.
The train for Birmingham leaves from platform 3.
Frankly speaking, he is wrong.
I don't know for certain.
I guess I haven't made myself clear.
Please pass me the butter.
Pass me the butter, please.
Butter and cheese are made from milk.
Butter is made from milk.
Personal computers are of great use.
How much is the bus fare?
A single room with bath, please.
Could you show me the way to the bus stop?
The bus stop is across the street.
The bus stop is near our school.
Where's the bus stop?
Where can I catch a bus?
Please tell me where the bus stop is.
While getting off the bus, she heard her name called.
I'd rather walk than take a bus.
May I see your passport, please?
May I see your passport?
Will you show me your passport, please?
Show me your passport, please.
Show me your passport, please.
A passport is something you cannot do without when you go to a foreign country.
The bus was filled to capacity.
The bus stopped suddenly in the middle of the street.
The bus stopped suddenly in the middle of the street.
The bus picked up the speed gradually.
The buses left one after another.
The bus leaves in five minutes.
How often do the buses run?
The bus hasn't come yet.
How long ago did the bus leave?
Where will the bus pick us up?
Could you tell me where I can get a bus?
The bus should be coming soon.
The bus doesn't always come on time.
The bus was two minutes early.
The buses run every ten minutes.
A stranger spoke to me in the bus.
May I have a bus schedule?
A bus driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers.
Don't miss the bus.
I may have left my umbrella in the bus.
I left my briefcase in the bus.
Let's take a bus.
If you go by bus, you can get there in about one-third of the time.
I bumped into an old friend on the bus.
How can I get to the hospital by bus?
The bus will take time.
There's only one bath towel in our bathroom.
Basketball is a lot of fun.
Does it have a toilet?
At first, I didn't like him.
I didn't like rock music at first, but it soon grew on me.
Stand the ladder against the wall.
Fill the bucket with water.
Bring me a bucket of water.
Don't talk nonsense!
Of all the silly ideas!
Prepare five postcard sized pieces of cardboard.
Put this stamp on the postcard and drop it in the mailbox.
A fly can walk on the ceiling.
Flies and mosquitoes interfered with his meditation.
He is allergic to house dust.
Will you have another slice of pie?
Pilots communicate with the airport by radio.
Something is stuck in the pipe.
I'm looking for a part-time job.
It can be dangerous for young people to ride motorcycles.
Who is the man playing the violin?
Yes, I'm coming immediately.
Here is your appointment card.
Here are your keys.
Here are your keys.
Bourbon is made from corn.
What was the score at halftime?
Harvard University was founded in 1636.
Why don't you have a party?
The party was, on the whole, successful.
The party was put off for a week.
How did you like the party?
I will leave everything about the party up to you.
I'm very happy to hear about the party.
It's a hassle trying to decide what to wear to the party.
Everyone had a good time at the party.
I'm looking forward to the party.
Is there a Percy in your class?
Mrs. Parker greeted him with a smile.
I need it for the parking meter.
I can't put up with that noise any longer.
Turn the knob and open the door.
My throat feels dry.
My throat burns.
I'm dying of thirst.
My throat feels dry and raw and scratchy.
I'll call you up later.
Ned comes from the state of Utah.
Cats usually hate dogs.
The cat didn't move a muscle.
Could you show me that necktie?
Will you marry me?
Will you marry me?
Will you marry me?
Will you marry me?
May I bother you for a moment?
Let's dance, my darling.
She wiped her wet hair with a towel.
The wet vase left a mark on the table.
Clean the window with a damp cloth.
How large is the population of New York City?
What time does the train for New York depart?
I'd like a nonstop flight to New York.
Let's take a trip to New York.
Let's take a trip to New York.
Have you ever been to New York?
I'll look you up when I visit New York.
Is there a nonstop flight to New York?
New York is a big city.
New York is the biggest city in the world.
New York is accessible by train from Washington.
New York is on the Hudson River.
Winter in New York can be very cold.
How's the weather in New York?
How's the weather in New York?
New York bristles with towering buildings.
We broadcast news on the hour.
The news quickly spread.
They speak English in New Zealand.
Nick didn't pass the exam, did he?
Nick doesn't need to come to my office.
Nick can speak Portuguese very well. That's because he's been studying it for 5 years.
Nick hurried to catch the bus.
Nicole can speak Japanese very well.
My brother seems to enjoy himself at college.
For one reason or another their holiday in France didn't come up to expectations.
What a beautiful sunrise it is!
Not knowing what to say, I kept silent.
Not knowing what to say, I kept silent.
I have no excuse.
What a splendid dinner!
What a beautiful flower!
If it's at all possible, I'd like you to take part in the next meeting.
Why do I have to do that?
What made him change his mind?
What?
How cold it is!
How cold it is!
How cute!
Why am I the only one they complain of? They're just making an example out of me and using me as a scapegoat.
You can eat whatever you like.
What a stupid boy he is!
Why should you be so sad?
What a wonderful night!
What a wonderful family.
Oh, no! My house is on fire!
What a beautiful picture!
Nancy invited him to a party.
Nancy studied hard.
Nancy wants a pair of red shoes.
Nancy looks like my sister.
Nancy is a hard girl for me to deal with.
Nancy was the first girl to come.
Nancy ran across an old friend of hers yesterday.
Nancy is having a chat with her friends.
Does Nancy have to do her homework now?
Does Nancy want to have a dog?
Nancy is afraid of dogs.
Nancy never fails to write to me once a month.
Nancy likes music.
Nancy enjoys indoor games.
Nancy is from London.
Nancy has a piano.
Nancy looks so tired.
Nancy told me about the fire.
Nancy cannot have read this book.
Nancy smiled happily.
Nancy never fails to arrive on time.
Nancy is the most beautiful of the four girls.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
I know that Nancy likes music.
Nancy, here's a letter for you.
That's a nice car you're driving.
It is true that he is poor, but he is contented.
He may be clever, but he is not very helpful.
It is true that he is young, but he is very reliable.
It may, indeed, be a mistake.
Naples is a picturesque city.
May I have a napkin, please?
In doing anything, you must do your best.
In doing anything, you must do your best.
Everything is ready.
I'm still single.
You were just listening to the talk, without thinking.
Let's find something to sit on.
Do you have anything to say?
Why did she come home early?
What prevented her from coming yesterday?
Why does he look black?
Why is he here?
Why did you turn down his offer?
Why are you angry with him?
Why didn't you dance with him?
Nobody knows why he turns down my help.
Why did you come to Japan?
Why were you late?
What prevented you from coming yesterday?
Tell me why he was absent.
Why are you being so secretive?
What did you go to Kyoto for?
Why are you crying?
Why are you crying?
Why do you want to be a nurse?
The reason why we cannot support his view will be given below.
How come you didn't say anything?
How come you didn't say anything?
Why did you quit?
Why did you open the box?
Why?
Why?
Because I want to be a translator.
Because it is there.
Because it is there.
Why do you need to read such a book?
Why do you say that?
What made you so angry?
Why do so many people visit Kyoto?
Tell me why you want to go there.
Why do you work here?
Why do you like coffee strong?
You should not have lent the money to such a person.
Why do you study every day?
Why do you study English every day?
I can't understand why you are so critical of him.
Why did you go to Tokyo?
Why did you get up so early?
What are you punishing them for?
What are you punishing them for?
Why were you late this morning?
Why were you late this morning?
Why are you visiting the United Kingdom?
Science begins when you ask why and how.
Why are your eyes so big?
Why are your ears so big?
There still remains much to be done.
You can't equate nationalism with fascism.
Nashi are tinned in this factory.
The late Mr Smith was a doctor.
Some people are difficult to please.
We speak the same language, don't we?
That sounds like a fairly good proposal.
Bright ideas never occur to me.
You have a point there.
I couldn't get to sleep.
He is very much of a scholar.
That sounds really interesting.
Can you get it repaired?
Naoki is as old as Kaori.
Please lend me your knife.
Would you lend me your knife?
May I borrow your knife?
May I borrow your knife?
It can be used as a knife.
There is a knife missing.
At one time Nigeria was a British colony.
Hey, Tom, forget about your worries.
I'm sure you'll love what we have on the menu tonight.
Any book will do.
Do you know which book sells well now?
However you do it, the result will be the same.
Not knowing what answer to make, I kept silent.
Every Jack must have his Jill.
I wouldn't sell that at any price.
Any student can answer that question.
Every man has his price.
Every dog has his day.
Anyone can do that.
Anybody would be better than nobody.
What did you have to eat?
What symptoms do you have?
Please inform me of any changes in the situation.
The smallest child knows such a simple thing.
What sort of coats are in fashion this year?
Feel free to ask any questions.
Feel free to ask any questions.
Why do you need change?
Any child can do that.
What kind of work will you do?
Any task may become painful.
I don't want there to be any misunderstanding.
Whatever language you study, it takes time.
No words can relieve her deep sorrow.
Whatever results may follow, I will carry out my plan.
He wanted to do it, whatever the consequences.
I must help her at any cost.
There are exceptions to every rule.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
What kind of wine do you have?
What kind of wine do you have?
Any bed is better than no bed.
How did such a strange thing come about?
Brush your teeth, however sleepy you are.
No matter how often I tell her, she keeps making the same mistake.
No man is so old he cannot learn.
However hard you try, you can't finish it in a week or so.
No matter how he tried, he could not open the door.
What sports do you like?
Nothing ever makes him angry.
Why do you need it?
Stay calm whatever happens.
I will never sell my friend down the river for anything in the world.
Whatever game I play with you, you never win.
The thief got away with the money.
Dorothy sent him a nice present.
Dorothy isn't in the office.
How long does it take?
Take whatever cake you want.
Choose three books at random.
How long can you hold your breath?
How long will we have to wait?
How long will this rope hold?
How soon can they be delivered?
Which is your book?
Which is your book?
Which is your book?
Which is your book?
Which is your book?
Which is your book?
Tracy had never used chopsticks before then.
Tracy lost her glasses.
You should especially not drink on an empty stomach.
Please shuffle the cards carefully.
Playing cards is a popular pastime.
It is wrong to cheat at cards.
The invention of the transistor marked a new era.
I'd like to cash a travelers' check.
The tiger cub looked like a large kitten.
A truck was standing in the middle of the road.
A truck ran over our dog.
How about going for a drive?
Toyota Corporation announced that it would cut 1,000 positions this year.
In any case, it's none of your business.
Tom has no manners.
Tom is a good cook.
Tom was late for dinner.
Tom likes to play baseball.
Tom kept talking all night.
Tom is coming to our school tomorrow.
Tom will go there tomorrow.
Tom is leaving Kobe tomorrow morning.
Tom is very kind.
Tom gets up at six every morning.
Tom appealed to his mother to buy a new toy for him.
Tom goes to school on foot.
Tom likes to knit.
Tom said he was ill, which was a lie.
Tom frowned.
Tom saved her from the fire.
Tom showed her the letter from Santa Claus.
Tom told her that he had written that poem two years before.
Tom was unhappy because she wouldn't ask him anything.
Tom knocked him down.
Tom recommended the novel to them.
Tom is liked by his friends.
Tom will be scolded by his father.
Tom is the tallest in his class.
Tom is as tall as any student in his class is.
Tom thanked me for the gift.
Tom thanked me for the gift.
Tom advised him not to buy the secondhand car.
Tom is tall and likewise strong.
Tom worked the clay into a vase.
Tom married an older girl.
Tom did well considering his age.
Tom is in bed with a fever.
Tom is a fluent speaker of Japanese.
Tom wants to go to Japan.
Tom received a heavy blow on the head.
Tom told us that he had a headache.
Tom took his girlfriend out on Saturday night.
Tom is interested in mountaineering.
Tom is interested in mountaineering.
Tom is an electrical engineer.
Tom has less money than his brother does.
Tom has less money than his brother does.
Tom called to her across the street.
Tom looked at the tall man suspiciously.
Tom talked too much and let the secret slip.
Tom stood on the platform in Westminster Underground Station.
Tom is ill at ease among strangers.
Tom attached the string to the kite.
Tom attached the string to the kite.
Tom is not a lazy boy. As a matter of fact, he works hard.
Tom regretted having wasted a great deal of his life.
Tom can run fast.
Tom can run fast.
Tom is head and shoulders above others.
Tom broke the window.
Tom broke the window pane.
Tom expected to leave early in the morning, but he overslept.
Tom never used to smoke, but he does now.
Tom is more clever than honest.
Tom is a student.
As Tom is honest, I like him.
Tom is too honest a boy to tell a lie.
I believe Tom is right.
Tom is interested in mathematics.
Tom likes hot curry.
Tom is able to swim well.
Tom's a beginner, but he catches on fast.
He gave Tom an important position.
Tom lost his job.
Tom bought a brand-new car.
Tom was at a loss how to express himself.
Tom enjoys playing tricks on me.
Tom gave me a pen.
Tom got so absorbed in his work that he forgot to eat.
Tom hit a triple.
Tom didn't have dinner last night.
Tom watched TV yesterday.
Did Tom help his mother yesterday?
Tom should be here any minute.
Tom isn't watching TV now.
Tom is living with his uncle now.
Tom is playing the violin now.
Tom is a high school student.
Tom is growing a mustache.
Tom was badly injured in a traffic accident.
Tom went back to his hometown.
Tom came on Monday and went back the day after.
Tom is absent.
Tom is absent.
Tom slipped out of the classroom.
Tom looks pale.
Tom hurt himself.
Tom is the tallest in his family.
Tom is in the house.
Tom is in the house.
Tom looked worried about the result of an English test.
Tom likes swimming.
Tom, who had been working all day, wanted to have a rest.
Tom has no friends to play with.
Tom is a good worker.
Tom walks slowly.
Tom doesn't run as fast as Bill.
How fast Tom works!
Tom wants to be a pilot.
Does Tom like tomatoes?
How fast Tom speaks!
Tom runs very fast.
Tom swims very fast.
Where was Tom born?
Tom can't play tennis.
Tom is a very good tennis player.
Tom made some mistakes in the test.
Tom hid under the table.
Tom doesn't like cheese.
Tom likes cheese.
Tom may have missed the train. He hasn't come yet.
Tom filled out the application form.
Tom got angry at the children.
Tom applied for the job.
Tom showed interest in the plan.
It looks like Tom won the race.
Tom was all worn out.
Tom will be able to swim soon.
Tom made Jill a new dress.
Tom is on good terms with John.
Tom is as tall as Jack.
Tom heard this and got angry.
Tom is the captain of this baseball team.
Tom was sick in bed last Sunday.
Tom likes tea better than coffee.
Tom walked Kate home.
Tom came home early yesterday.
Tom is taller than his mother.
Tom is as tall as his father.
Tom denied having stolen the money.
Tom is always watching television.
Tom is always playing video games.
Tom is not as old as you.
Tom can swim as fast as you.
Tom lived in Japan for ten years.
Tom is better at science than anyone else in his class.
Tom is a friend of mine.
Tom's friends called him Mr Money Bags.
Tom's hope was to win first prize.
Tom's Japanese is improving little by little.
Where is Tom's classroom?
Tom's speech was excellent.
Tom's uncle keeps a lot of sheep.
Tom and I are friends.
Tom and my secret came to light.
Tom and I have nothing in common.
Tom and I have nothing in common.
Tom and I are good friends.
Tom is engaged to Ruth.
Tom and Frank are good friends.
Tom and Sue love each other.
Tom and Nancy broke up last month.
Tom and John are good friends.
Tom is as tall as Jim.
Tom and Jane got married last month.
Tom and Jane got married last month.
Tom and Jane quarreled, but they made up the next morning.
Aren't you Tom?
Aren't you Tom?
Tom got first prize, didn't he?
I wish Tom were my younger brother.
I wish Tom were my younger brother.
I heard Tom snoring during the class.
Tom found me a taxi.
No sooner had Tom turned on the TV than the fuse blew.
Uncle Tom is my mother's brother.
Tom, what would you like to have for dinner?
How are you, Tom?
Tommy couldn't answer the last question.
Miss Thomas teaches us history.
Thomas was named after his father.
Thomas Edison invented the light bulb.
I hesitated about which road to take.
How formal is this ceremony?
To what extent can he be trusted?
None of the teachers could solve the problem.
None of the teachers could solve the problem.
Each student has a locker.
Every student has to leave school by six.
Whichever way we choose will involve danger.
Each boy has a bike.
Where does it hurt?
Where does it hurt?
I haven't decided which job to apply for.
Which dog is yours?
What season do you like the best?
What season do you like the best?
What fruit do you like the best?
What fruit do you like the best?
What fruit do you like the best?
Which house did you live in?
How soon will the meeting begin?
How can I get to the police station?
How did you arrive at this conclusion?
How did you come here?
How do you want your hair cut?
How do you want your hair cut?
I don't know which button to push.
Which is your favorite team?
Which credit cards can I use?
How long have you been abroad?
How much longer will I have to stay in the hospital?
How long will you be staying?
How much will it cost?
How long will it stop there?
How long do you plan to stay?
Every dog is alive.
In any case, I'll call you tomorrow.
It's too late, anyhow.
Just put those packages anywhere.
In any case, I must finish this work by tomorrow.
Does Tony study after dinner?
Tony runs every day.
Tony speaks English as well as you.
Tony speaks English as well as you.
Tony's voice is nice.
Tony broke it.
What a good tennis player Tony is!
Donna was born with a silver spoon in her mouth.
Who do you want to speak to?
Though very busy, she came to see me off.
He's very forgetful of things.
I'm so tired that I can't walk any longer.
I'm too tired to walk any longer.
They are very big.
It was so still that you would have heard a pin drop.
It's too hot for us to work.
It was so hot that I got into the shade and took a rest.
I really appreciate what you've done.
The weather was so cold that the lake froze over.
It was so cold that no one wanted to go outside.
Though it was very cold, I went out.
The child had no overcoat on although it was very cold.
The child had no overcoat on although it was very cold.
I had a wonderful time.
I had a wonderful time.
It was so dark.
It is too dark for me to read.
It was really cheap.
I was very hungry.
You look very delighted.
Pretty good. Did you go to today's history seminar?
In any case, it's troublesome, isn't it?
It doesn't matter.
Who is this, please?
We find it difficult to decide which one to buy.
You may choose whichever book you like.
Which book is better?
Which book is yours?
Which book is yours?
Which book is yours?
Which book is yours?
Which book is yours?
Which book is yours?
Which book is yours?
Which cap is yours?
Which one do you think is correct?
I wonder which way is the shortest.
Neither team played well in the game.
You may choose whichever you want.
You may choose whichever you want.
You may choose whichever you like.
You can take whichever road you like.
You can buy whichever you like, but not both.
Take whichever you want.
I can't remember which is my racket.
Which is mine?
Tell me which you want.
Who does Toshio like?
Does Toshio like Sachiko?
Toshio can speak English very well.
By the way, are you free tonight?
By the way, have you seen him lately?
By the way, what is your address?
By the way, I have something to tell you.
By the way, have you ever been to Hokkaido?
Tell him where he should go.
I take my camera wherever I go.
Where do you want to go?
Where do you want to go?
Where do you want to go?
Where do you want to go?
Where do you want to go?
Information is given in English at every airport.
Where are you planning to stay?
I'm just another man.
Where did you get your hair cut?
Where do you work?
Where do I have to change trains?
Where did you have your picture taken?
Where do I pay for the gas?
Where shall we meet?
Where can I pick up my baggage?
Not knowing where to get off the bus, I asked the driver.
Where did you get the idea?
Where can I get a taxi?
Where did you get it?
Where did you get your camera repaired?
It's a good rule to look both ways before you cross the street anywhere.
Where shall I wait for you?
Something must be wrong with the machinery.
Will you tell me where I am wrong?
Where does it leave from?
Is there a telephone anywhere?
I remember seeing her somewhere.
Would you like to go out to have a drink somewhere?
Let's study a specific example.
Can you come?
How is it going?
How is it going?
To all appearances, she is healthy.
How do you go to school?
Tell me how you solved the problem.
Evidently, it's going to rain tomorrow.
He seems to know all about her past.
He seems to have been ill for a long time.
How did the secret get out?
How do you make a box?
How did you find my house?
How did you make it?
How are you going to get home?
I can't remember how to go there.
I can't figure out what he means.
I seem to have a temperature.
I seem to have a fever.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I don't get it.
I don't get it.
I think I'd better stay here.
I'm just looking, thank you.
After all she did not come.
In the end, because of the disease, he became unable to walk and had to use a motorized wheelchair to get around.
Go ahead with your story.
Please give us some examples.
Please tell me the truth.
Please keep it secret.
Please knock before you come in.
Would you please tell me the way?
May you live long!
Please drive carefully.
Please take good care of yourself.
Please help me with my homework.
Stand back, please.
Give me your opinion, please.
Please feel free to call me up.
Please feel free to ask questions.
Please tell me the way to the XYZ store.
Open the door, please.
Open the door, please.
Close the door, please.
Close the door, please.
Please tell me your address.
Be my guest.
Please stay as long as you wish.
Please translate this sentence into Japanese.
Please make yourself comfortable.
Sit down, please.
Please have a seat.
Please tell me about your trip.
Please get a lot of pencils.
Please take a seat.
How can I get to heaven?
How can we abolish war?
How can I reach you?
How can I reach you?
Not knowing what to do, I asked the teacher for advice.
What made her so angry?
How did you get acquainted with her?
Will you tell me why you like her?
How did you get to know him?
Why did they turn down your proposal?
What prevented him from coming?
Why can Taro speak English so well?
I wonder why nobody told me.
How come you say nothing?
How did you come to know it?
What are you doing that for?
What made you come here so early?
Why did you come home so late?
I wonder why they left my name off the list.
How can I forget those days?
For some reason or other I cannot bring myself to work.
I want to get rid of it.
If you are going to smoke, please go outside.
I do want to go to Italy.
Why did you paint the bench red?
I can't understand why James always finds fault with his wife.
How come you call on us so late at night?
I wonder why karaoke is so popular.
Not knowing what to do, he asked me for help.
Why didn't you follow my advice?
Why should I apologize to you?
Why can't you take things just as they are?
Why do they say you have to learn English to survive?
What happened? The car's slowing down.
Please tell me how I can get in touch with him.
Turn on the light, please.
Turn on the light, please.
Please remember to mail the letter.
Please forgive me.
Please forgive me.
Please correct my pronunciation.
Please let me know the result by telephone.
Turn off the light, please.
I hope you will be quite well again before long.
Please let me take your picture.
Bring me a sheet of paper, please.
Help me with my homework, please.
Please give me a piece of bread.
Shut the door, please.
Shut the door, please.
Would you please turn down the TV?
Please come as soon as possible.
Could you lend me the book?
Please tell me about your problem.
Please send me a picture of yourself.
Please write about your real experience.
Please say hello to your family.
Please leave me alone.
Do come in, please.
Do come in, please.
For what reason did you cry?
I leave it in your hands what course of action to take.
What kind of people do you like best?
What kind of people do you like best?
Please explain how to get there.
How are you doing?
How are you doing?
How are you doing?
Where's the restroom?
May I use your toilet?
Where is the toilet?
Where's the toilet?
Don't forget to flush the toilet.
There's no toilet paper.
The toilet doesn't flush properly.
German is not an easy language.
I can't remember how to say "Thank you" in German.
I don't understand German at all.
I don't understand German at all.
Germany was once allied with Italy.
Germany adjoins the Netherlands.
Germany adopted a social security system in the 1880's.
Germany was allied with Italy in World War II.
In Germany today, anti-violence rallies took place in several cities, including one near Hamburg where three Turks were killed in an arson attack on Monday.
Shall I close the door?
Would you mind closing the door?
Would you mind shutting the door?
Shut the door.
Shut the door.
Shut the door.
Don't leave the door open.
In opening the door, I broke the lock.
When I opened the door, I found him asleep.
I tried to open the door, and the doorknob came off.
Open the door and let me in, please.
Would you mind my opening the door?
Please open the door.
Please open the door.
Would you please open the door?
I knocked on the door, but nobody answered.
Would you please not leave the door open?
The door is locked at nine o'clock.
The door is locked at nine o'clock.
We couldn't open the door because it was locked from within.
The door is shut fast.
The handle came away from the door when I grasped it.
I could hear doors slamming.
The bicycle by the door is mine.
Would you please lock the door?
It was careless of you to leave the door unlocked.
I heard the door close.
The door was suddenly opened by Mike.
As soon as the door opened, they ran away.
The door clicked shut.
It took us half an hour to set up the tent.
Please turn off the TV.
Please turn off the TV.
Turn off the TV.
Please turn off the television.
Please turn off the television.
It cost me ten thousand yen to have my television set repaired.
Let's not watch TV.
Watching TV is a passive activity.
I watch television.
I'll do my homework after I watch television.
Do you mind turning on the TV?
Let's watch TV.
Television has the advantage of providing sports fans with greater convenience.
The fact that television frequently limits communication within families is already well known.
Some people say that cartoons on television are educational in themselves.
Which of the TV programs do you like best?
The invention of TV caused a drastic change in our daily life.
There's nothing good on television.
Turn up the TV.
According to TV news, there was a plane crash in India.
Thanks to television, boys and girls are apt to neglect reading books.
It is a pleasure to watch a baseball game on TV.
I have seen him on TV but not in the flesh.
You can't say four-letter words on TV.
I enjoy watching soccer on TV.
The television doesn't work.
The television doesn't work.
My television was broken down, so I had to get it repaired.
I think that Delbert is crazy.
I would like to see Mr Terry Tate.
But I am able to cook well.
But he likes the long school holidays.
But I was always too lazy.
But you like it!
David can speak French fluently.
David is very active.
David has so many girlfriends that he can't remember all of their names.
Debbie, is your school near here?
I will ask him about it tomorrow, then.
Shall we start the meeting now?
I am afraid I must be going now.
I'd like to pay in cash.
Playing tennis is a lot of fun.
How about playing tennis?
"Let's play tennis." "Yes let's."
I play tennis an hour a day.
Dennis can be very wild sometimes.
Tennis is my favorite sport.
Tennis is very popular among students.
I belong to a tennis club.
Ted waited for her for a long time.
Ted likes playing the trumpet.
Ted loves his wife Elizabeth.
Ted was finally able to communicate his thoughts in Japanese.
If Ted were here, he could help us clean our room.
How was your test?
What would you like for dessert?
I'd like to have cake for dessert.
Apples were served as the dessert.
Apples were served as the dessert.
I would like to go home now.
I will help you as far as I can.
Refer to the dictionary as often as possible.
Let's go and see as many things as we can.
Come as soon as possible.
I will get in touch with him as soon as possible.
Get it done as soon as possible.
Please come home as quickly as possible.
Please come back as soon as possible.
I'll finish it as quickly as I can.
Let me know the result as soon as you can.
I spend what time I can spare reading.
Enjoy your life while you are able to.
Do this work by tomorrow if possible.
I want a map of Texas on a scale of 1 to 250000.
The calculator on the table is mine.
There is a book on the table.
Is there a cat on the table?
There is a cup on the table.
There is a bottle of wine on the table.
There is an apple on the table.
There was a broken cup on the table.
It's under the table.
Don't put your elbows on the table.
She put the magazine on the table.
The tablecloth is in the cabinet.
The table was groaning with food.
As is evident from the data, smoking is not decreasing among the young.
Mr Davis looks very tired.
I bought a Daily News.
Damon showed me his stamp album.
I can't find Tim.
Dave never returned to school again.
What time is dinner served?
What about having fish for dinner?
Do you often have fish for dinner?
Dick plans to go by himself.
Dick is sometimes late for school.
Dick had a traffic accident.
Dick talks as if he knew everything.
Dick played the piano and Lucy sang.
Keep the change!
That is, she is a poor dancer.
In short, it is because the 'plan.doc' file I attached in the previous email was infected with a virus.
It shows that English is no longer the language only of the people of England.
Don't waste time on trifles.
A swallow flies very swiftly.
The moon was above the horizon.
I attended the party just to be sociable.
Finally, the discord between them came to an end.
Finally she gave in to temptation and ate the whole cake.
At last, she solved the problem.
At last, they experienced the joy of victory.
At last, they reached the top of the mountain.
At last, he came.
At last, he went to America.
At last, he realized his error.
At last, it began to rain.
At last, we reached our destination.
At last, John and Sue decided to cut the apple into halves.
Finally, Oedipus replied.
I often feel like just going over there.
Paul telephoned just now.
I carelessly dropped a vase.
I've got a touch of the flu.
Could you give me some advice?
Hold on a second, I'll be right back. Don't hang up!
Hang on a minute. I'll call Jimmy.
I don't eat supper because I want to lose some weight.
I'm going out for a while.
Will you excuse me for just a moment?
Sorry...
Wouldn't you like to get some fresh air?
A little walk will give you a good appetite for breakfast.
Let me think for a minute.
The price is not reasonable.
I'm just looking around.
Let me see it.
I feel like a rest.
Let's take a rest for a while.
Hold your horses, young man.
Hold your horses, young man.
Step aside.
A couple of flights were delayed on account of a minor accident.
A little bit of luck sometimes leads to an unexpected success.
I get depressed by the slightest things.
Would you come here a moment?
Could you move the chair a bit?
Please bring me two pieces of chalk.
Give me a piece of chalk.
It is not easy to write in chalk.
I'd just woken up and was still drowsy.
Just as he was speaking, a fire broke out.
I've just finished lunch.
Just as food feeds the body, so reading feeds the mind.
I'm about to leave.
I have just finished my homework.
I've just finished writing a letter.
I've got my friend on the line right now.
I'm busy at the moment.
It began snowing just now.
I met him just now.
We have just cleaned the lavatory.
This is the very book you wanted.
Just then, the bus stopped.
I've just been to my uncle's house.
Are you brushing your teeth properly?
Sit tight.
How do I get to Chinatown?
Charles Lindbergh made the first solo flight across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
In addition to being a great statesman, Churchill was a great writer.
I am not the least bit worried.
I don't have a ticket.
To purchase a ticket, you need to enter your personal details.
Where can I buy tickets?
Can I leave my bags with you until I come to check in?
I will teach you to play chess.
Don't you know cheese is made from milk?
It is getting cooler and cooler.
The days are getting longer and longer.
The days are getting longer and longer.
It was getting dark.
Please enjoy yourself at the dance.
My mother will attend to the baby while I go to the dance.
Why don't you come dancing with me?
What a pity you can't dance!
What a pity you can't dance!
I love you more than anyone else.
No one ran ahead of him.
Nobody could give the correct answer.
No one can help me.
No one can help me.
Everyone is ready.
Not everyone can be a poet.
Everybody showed sympathy toward the prisoner.
She assumed that everyone would be for the plan.
Everyone is an entrepreneur.
Who were you talking with?
Nobody likes being laughed at.
Anybody can make a mistake.
No one man could do it.
Anyone can use this dictionary.
Whoever comes, don't open the door.
Who invented the telephone?
Who invented the telephone?
If you have a bone to pick with a person, tell it to his face instead of saying things behind his back.
Who cares?
When you shake hands with somebody, you must look him in the eye.
Who looks after the children?
Somebody must care for the patient.
He heard someone calling for help.
Someone is calling you.
If there is somebody to back me up, the business will be successful.
Somebody is playing the piano.
Who teaches you French?
Who teaches you French?
I'll arrange for someone to pick you up at your home.
Who taught you how to dance?
Onions cook more quickly than potatoes.
Sometimes it's good for a married couple to go to a hot spring together—just the two of them.
It's okay to take it easy sometimes.
It so happened that they were not there.
It happened that I met Mr Uno on the street.
It happened that we were in London.
Just take my word for it.
It is likely to rain tomorrow.
Maybe he will be a good teacher.
I guess that would be all right.
I guess that would be all right.
Perhaps it will rain in the afternoon.
It's going to rain.
I should say he won't come.
You do such a thing once too often and get punished.
You must stop smoking.
Do you mind if I smoke?
Stop smoking.
Smoking is not good for the health.
Smoking is bad for your health.
I don't smoke.
I will go even if it rains tomorrow.
Even if he is busy, he will come.
No matter how cold it is outside, the rooms are comfortably heated.
No matter what happens, I am prepared.
I will go there even if it rains.
Even if it rains, the game will be played.
Even if it rains, I'll start.
The soccer game will be played, even if it rains.
Even if it rains, I'll go swimming tomorrow.
Such poets as Toson and Hakushu are rare.
However hard you may study, you can't master English in a year or so.
Even if it is true, it matters little.
Even if you do not like it, you must take charge of it.
You must do it even if you don't want to.
No matter where you go, I'll follow you.
Tatsuya has some friends who live in New York.
An ostrich does not fly through the air.
I could see nothing but fog.
He is just pulling your leg.
We must carry out the plan at once.
He's gone to Nagoya on business.
He's gone to Nagoya on business.
He's gone to Nagoya on business.
We're out of stock now.
I just wish we could leave this horrible place.
Flying a kite can be dangerous.
Could you please get me a taxi?
The taxi picked up two passengers.
I left my umbrella in the cab.
You ought to go by taxi, or you might not get there in time.
The taxi has arrived.
I've had enough, so my stomach is full.
Lots of famous people come here.
A lot of trees were cut down.
Many stars are twinkling in the sky.
A good many people have told me to take a holiday.
Many people were waiting in line.
Many boys and girls were present.
A lot of young people went to Hawaii this summer.
A lot of houses were washed away by the flood.
That's why I told you not to go by car.
I tried to tell you.
I tried to tell you.
So we'd better stay home.
So, it isn't hot at all.
Where is the bus stop for downtown?
Traffic downtown is all backed up.
There are many hotels downtown.
How about Thai food?
Could you check the tire pressure?
The tire leaks air.
I had to push my bicycle because I had a flat tire.
Imagine that you have a time machine.
Imagine that you have a time machine.
In Thailand, bringing up the children isn't the father's responsibility; it's entirely up to the mother.
I usually ride my bike to school. I mean to the office.
Most boys like computer games.
Most people think so.
Most writers hate being criticized.
Most Americans like hamburgers.
On the whole I am satisfied with the result.
About how long will it take?
It's almost six o'clock.
It's almost six o'clock.
The Tigers lost the game, which was a surprise to us.
Da Vinci could see farther than others.
It is dangerous to drive so fast.
Don't talk like that.
You'll catch cold in such thin clothing.
You'll catch cold in such thin clothing.
That's impossible.
You can't fight a good fight with such a defeatist attitude.
I can't finish the job in so short a time.
Don't talk so loud.
I cannot afford to pay so much.
A bookstore in that location wouldn't make enough money to survive.
You don't have to go getting so hairy about such a small thing.
Forget about that right now.
I never thought he was capable of doing something so cruel.
I can't afford to buy such an expensive car.
Buying such an expensive car is out of the question.
Such a behavior gives rise to problem.
Give up such ideas.
Such a plan is bound to fail.
Such a plan will give rise to many problems.
Get rid of those kinds of naive ideas.
That's why ostrich meat costs more than twice as much as beef and pork.
I don't believe such things exist.
Such a ridiculous superstition no longer exists.
That's just an excuse.
You want to leave it like that?
What's the sense of working so hard?
There's no need to speak so loud.
Don't walk so fast! I can't keep up with you.
Please don't speak so fast.
Please don't speak so fast.
I can't keep up with you if you walk so fast.
Please don't look at me like that.
Don't get so excited!
There's no need to get so angry.
You shouldn't smoke so much.
There's no need to panic. There's plenty of time.
I didn't mean it.
Don't bother your parents with such a trivial thing.
Don't say that.
Don't worry about such a thing.
It is rude of you to say so.
He must be very angry to say such a thing.
Give me a reason for doing such a thing.
It is wicked of you to do such things.
I don't go in for that sort of thing.
Stop inhaling your food. You should eat a little slower.
It's about time for dinner.
It's almost time to go to bed.
It's about time we went to bed.
I'm afraid I have to go now.
Since then he had put his whole soul into his work.
Since then he had put his whole soul into his work.
I haven't seen her since then.
It's the animal in me that wants it.
It made my blood boil to hear that.
I'm sorry to hear it.
I sighed with relief to hear it.
Don't blame it on her.
May I try it on?
Had I known that, I wouldn't have said such a thing to her.
Say it in another way.
Can you prove it?
May I eat a little of it?
Prove it by experiment.
Bring it to me.
Let me have a look at it.
Give it to me, please.
It is no use worrying about it.
I wish you had told me that.
I wish you had told me that.
I would like to see it.
Let me see that.
Put it back on the desk.
Can you make it on time?
Where did you get this?
Set it down there.
Put it down.
If it is worth doing, do it well.
I don't remember where I bought it.
Tell me what to do with it.
Lay it on the table.
You'll need a special tool to do it.
It is impossible to do it.
I don't know how I should do it.
Did you show it to your parents?
It's next to impossible to finish it in a day.
They are too numerous to enumerate.
They shone like stars in the dark, dirty building.
They are very big apples.
They were made of rough brown leather.
You can see the stars with your naked eye, and even better through a telescope.
These figures don't add up.
Those pictures were painted by him.
Those flowers have died.
Those flowers have died.
These flowers should be sheltered from the rain.
Please put those chairs away.
Those chairs are in the way.
One of the dogs is alive.
I'd rather stay here.
That's not a bad idea.
That had not occurred to him before.
Keep it in a cool place.
It's about the size of an egg.
It looks like an egg.
That's my sole concern.
That sounds interesting.
It came to nothing.
It can't be true.
I think it's true.
It may or may not be true.
It is essentially a question of time.
I want to do it myself.
Those are my trousers.
Those are my trousers.
It was a great shock to me.
It was too difficult for me.
It's a very delicate question.
Keep it quiet.
What a shame!
That is no business of his.
It has had no effect on him.
That is a criminal offense, and you will surely be punished!
It's not a road, but a path.
It's not a suitable topic for discussion.
That's a hard question to answer.
It serves you right.
That is a matter of degrees.
He thought that it was like a bird cage.
It was a long letter.
Is it a butterfly or a moth?
Whose idea was it?
Please have someone else do it.
It's an artificial flower.
That makes no sense at all.
That's quite to my taste.
That's absolute nonsense.
It is a sheer waste of time.
It is founded on supposition.
That requires careful consideration.
It'll cost at least five dollars.
It had the head of a woman, the body of a lion, the wings of a bird, and the tail of a serpent.
It needs to be repaired.
Is it yours?
It's a dictionary.
It's a waste of time.
It's a waste of time and money.
That is not my line.
That runs against my principles.
That's my dictionary.
It's a whole new ball game for me.
It makes no difference to me.
It's me.
It is not because I hate him, but because I love him.
That is because I got up late.
It's not something I'm very good at.
That's the same story as I heard when I was a child.
That is the funniest joke that I have ever heard.
We got a good price for that.
That goes without saying.
I don't think that was a wise decision.
It is no joke.
It is by no means certain.
It is just your imagination.
It is up to you.
Is it near your house?
It was the greatest earthquake on record.
Is it sweet or sour?
It is like looking for a needle in a haystack.
What an easy problem it is!
I put it in the drawer.
It has greatly improved compared with what it was.
Wow! That's cheap!
It was a nightmare.
I made it myself.
It looks like an apple.
Keep it at a lower temperature.
It must be done more carefully.
It sounds as if he were to blame for the disaster.
That's quite meaningless.
That is quite another matter.
It was just as I thought.
It has nothing to do with you.
It has nothing to do with you.
It's not quite certain.
It is next to impossible.
It's a sunflower.
That's nonsense. Nobody but a fool would believe it.
This sounds very interesting.
It was a very traditional ceremony.
I can not stomach it.
It's sort of strange.
It grew larger and larger.
That just goes to prove that you are a liar.
I got it free.
It's a tiny country that most people have never heard of.
I had bought it the week before.
It all depends on the weather.
That's a great idea.
It has some bearing on this problem.
Is that a common name?
That depends on whether you are interested or not.
It will cost around 10,000 yen.
It can be done in a day.
It happened at a quarter past eleven.
It's the same to me.
Tell me the right answer to it.
Its color is red.
It is you that are to blame for it.
Count me in.
Is there a service charge for that?
Don't conceal what you feel about it.
I don't understand much about it.
I will say something about it.
It is no use arguing about it.
What do you think about it?
Or do you have to take the bus?
That will put you in danger.
The angle would be too narrow.
Well, I must be going.
And open your textbook at page ten.
Does that mean you won't come?
That accounts for why the door was open.
It proved the truth of the rumor.
In that case, I think you should come in today.
That was the only way we could defend ourselves against all this terrible shooting.
Each child was given a present.
I do not know whether it is good or not.
Let's ask if it's true.
That's the cause of his failure.
That was the first time that a man walked on the moon.
That's the point.
That is all I have.
That is how I learned English.
That's the best approach to the study of English.
That's the way it is.
That's the way it is.
It was lucky for you that you found it.
I don't know what it is.
What did you do then?
That's exactly what he said.
What does it mean?
There! She comes!
A gentle wind made ripples on the surface of the pond.
It's on the sofa.
The topic is worth discussing.
Tell us the story from beginning to end.
The story was amusing.
I have heard the story.
The story is not in accord with the facts.
The story was very interesting.
I'll need at least three days to translate that thesis.
Publication of the article was timed to coincide with the professor's birthday.
The old woman fell and could not get up.
The old woman knitted her brows.
The old couple embarked on a tour around the world.
The old man contributed a large sum of money to the poor.
The old man looks sad.
The old man lived by himself.
The old man walked across the road carefully.
The old man sat down.
The old man looked wise.
The old man made out his will.
The old man attempted to swim five kilometers.
The old man bribed a young girl with money and jewelry.
The old man got in her way.
The train arrived on time.
The train is running fast.
There is the train at 10 o'clock.
The train makes 20 miles an hour.
The train makes 20 miles an hour.
The train will pass Motomachi Station.
The train stops at every station.
The train is bound for London.
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way.
Please show me the green shirt.
The trip will take at least a week.
The track meet was called off on account of the heavy rain.
The barber gave him a haircut.
The next day Jesus decided to leave for Galilee.
Do not give in to those demands.
The prediction was falsified by the result.
The medicine made me very sleepy.
The medicine decreased his pain.
The medicine didn't do me any good.
The medicine worked marvels.
I've never heard of the actor.
I met her late in the evening.
It was cloudy that night.
A fire broke out during that night.
While we were discussing the problem, I hit upon a good idea.
I'll reconsider the matter.
I solved the problem easily.
The solution of the problem took me five minutes.
Tell me how to solve the problem.
The problem remains unsolved.
That problem has been shelved for the time being.
The matter is of no importance.
The matter will be brought up at the next meeting.
The problem was very difficult.
The matter is all settled.
So far as this matter is concerned, I am completely satisfied.
Let's discuss the problem with them.
I have nothing to say with regard to that problem.
Please think about the problem.
They are discussing the problem.
That aim is impossible to attain.
The tree was blown down.
The tree is about as high as the roof.
The tree is green all year round.
The tree is green all year round.
I cut a branch from the tree.
The name rang a bell in me.
Both girls have blue eyes.
The dream has come true.
The translation is quite true to the original.
Did you read the whole book?
I got the book back from him.
When you're done with the book, put it back where you found it.
You need a large vocabulary to read that book.
If you are done with that book, I'd like to have it.
I've finished reading the book.
Put the book back on the shelf.
Put the book back where it was.
Put the book where you found it.
Have you finished reading the book?
Put the book back where you found it.
Give me the book.
Give me the book.
Please put the book on the shelf.
You'll find both of the books interesting.
Did you find the book interesting?
I found the book very interesting.
Sorry, the book is out of stock.
I have read the book before.
Where is the book?
I found the book interesting.
Was the book interesting?
Put the book on the top shelf.
Put the book on the bottom shelf.
The price of the book was $5.
You can omit the last chapter of the book.
What is the title of the book?
The cap is too small for me.
That hat cost around fifty dollars.
The law is still in effect.
The law is full of ambiguities.
The report is not to be depended upon.
The report is utterly false.
The whole place was simply blotted out with the snow.
The cottage was clean and tidy.
Tom will paint the fence tomorrow.
The wall is thirty yards long.
Don't lean against the wall.
The soldier gave water to me.
The soldiers fought valiantly, but finally they had to give in.
I can't get at the exact meaning of the sentence.
The meaning of this sentence is obscure.
The surface of the object is fairly rough.
The substance is light enough to float on the water.
The story concluded abruptly.
The prisoner was behind bars for two months.
Members of that tribe settled along the river.
Does the room have air conditioning?
The room was illuminated with red lights.
The room is full of people.
My brother and I shared the room.
Does the room have a bath?
There wasn't anyone in the room.
The room was empty except for a shabby bed.
There is a television in the room.
He and his wife tried to work out their problems, but couldn't.
The couple spent a lot of money on furnishing their house.
The unhappy event made him put an end to himself.
The poor young man finally became a great artist.
I buy the goods at $3 a dozen.
The plane flew over Mt. Fuji.
The airplane landed at Narita Airport.
The plane made a perfect landing.
I can't stand the noise.
The board is about two meters long.
That discovery was quite accidental.
That is too small a box to hold all these things.
The box is too heavy to carry.
The box is almost empty.
Is there anything in the box?
Is there anything in the box?
There are a lot of eggs in the box.
Don't put anything on top of the box.
Don't put anything on top of the box.
The explosion may have been caused by a gas leak.
What was the cause of the explosion?
The museum is open from Monday to Friday.
The horse stopped and wouldn't move.
The old man got off the bus.
The cat was scared by an unfamiliar noise.
The cat had a ribbon around its neck.
The cat is very cute.
Rocks are beautifully arranged in the Japanese-style garden.
That Japanese word has no equivalent in English.
We spent the day in the open air.
That's a bad day for me.
The weather varies from day to day.
The two brothers are quite unlike in their appearance.
The two young girls smiled happily.
Those two ideas are quite distinct.
Have you worked the puzzle out?
The road is too narrow for cars.
The road is too narrow for cars.
There are some strange animals in the zoo.
That animal feeds on flesh.
The answer misses the point.
There were no radios in Japan in those days.
A 6% yield is guaranteed on the investment.
The island lies to the west of Japan.
The island is a paradise for children.
The islanders are asking us for help.
The economy of the island is dependent on the fishing industry.
The tower can be seen from here.
The scenery of the city reminded me of London.
The Alpinists carried out the ascent, but they did not return safely.
Those trains run every three minutes.
Telephone him if the message is important.
I can't go along with you on that point.
I differ from you on that point.
The shop was crowded with young people.
The store is closed Mondays.
The shop is open from Monday to Saturday.
The shop is just in front of the station.
There's only one store on the island.
The exhibition is now open.
The drowning man grasped at the rope.
Are you for or against the proposal?
The garden was filled with flowers.
There weren't any roses in the garden.
That street is very noisy.
The street is paved with asphalt.
There's a hotel across the street.
There are many stores on either side of the street.
The bird was covered with white feathers.
The bird was half the size of a hawk.
Is the bird alive or dead?
The investigation is under way.
The results of the research were quite satisfactory.
How large is the audience?
The town developed into the center of the economy.
The city has a large population.
The town is two miles away from the coast.
The city was destroyed by fire.
Which is the best hotel in the town?
The statue was carved from a block of cherry wood.
The parking lot is free of charge.
The insect grew out of a pupa into an imago.
There is little water in the pond.
Swimming in the pond is dangerous.
It seems the rural area will be developed on a large scale.
The earthquake was the biggest one that we had ever experienced.
There was widespread panic after the earthquake.
A fire broke out after the earthquake.
Everyone around the area works hard.
The news made her sad.
I was at my wit's end when I heard the news.
I was surprised at the news.
When I heard the news, I cried.
The news left me uneasy.
The news confirmed my suspicions.
The price is reasonable.
The man got away from the city.
The man blushed.
The man is wanted for murder.
There's a possibility that the man was murdered.
The man was held in police custody.
The man kept talking for an hour.
The man sold his soul to the devil.
The man blushed like a boy.
The man wore a mask of a tiger.
The man finally confessed.
The man tried to install his own antenna.
Well do I remember the man's name.
The man died in a car accident.
The boy got his hands dirty.
The boy has learned to read.
The boy is over there.
The boy is over there.
The boy observed the birds all day.
The boy feared the dark.
The boy took the radio apart.
The man and his wife helped each other.
The organization is not connected with any political parties.
Look up the word in your dictionary.
The word is not in my dictionary.
You have too many books on the shelf.
When the big earthquake occurred, I was just ten.
The university was founded by his father twenty years ago.
Who organized that meeting?
Is it large enough?
There's narrow road to the village.
It's only two miles to the village.
This is the house where I used to live when I was young.
His son was expelled from school.
I can't put up with the noise.
The noise is getting louder and louder.
I wonder which of the runners will come first.
The twins are indistinguishable from each other.
That athlete won three times in a row in this tournament.
The ship is about to set sail.
That ship crossed the equator yesterday.
The ship made slow progress against the strong wind.
The ship was flying the American flag.
Many soldiers were wounded in the battle.
Many soldiers were wounded in the battle.
The war didn't break out by accident.
As a result of the war, many people died.
Many people were killed in the war.
The warrior is conscious of both his strength and his weakness.
How long would it take to swim across the river?
The teacher has a great influence on his pupils.
The teacher told us a funny story.
The teacher scolded his students severely.
The explanation is by no means satisfactory.
Please don't forget to put a stamp on the letter before mailing it.
The baby fell asleep in the cradle.
It was not until the baby was fed that he stopped crying.
The baby weighed seven pounds at birth.
The babies are taken care of by volunteers.
The baby is playing with some toys.
That responsibility is a burden to him.
That old tradition has disappeared.
Once there lived an old man in a village.
Both those students passed all the tests.
That student runs fast, doesn't he?
The student became very nervous with the teacher watching him.
All the students clapped their hands.
The name of this statesman is known to everybody in Japan.
Have you learned the number by heart?
The library has many books.
The popular singer committed suicide.
The man passed by without so much as glancing at her.
Did he look like a doctor?
They are satisfied with the contract.
The man behind them is playing the piano.
They are having a chat.
The myth offers insights into the ancient civilization.
I rejected the offer.
I accept the offer.
I had no choice but to accept the offer.
The new car is hers.
The meal satisfied his hunger.
The food tasted slightly of garlic.
We call that color "midnight blue".
Pull the plant up by the roots.
I am sure the condition will turn for the better.
We will only consent on that condition.
The information is very important to us.
There were not many present.
When was the castle built?
I didn't get the joke.
I didn't get the joke.
Don't sit upon it.
The prize won't be given to her.
The evidence was in his favor.
The boy said a wolf would come.
The boy made his parents happy.
The boy is full of promise.
The boy got in through the window.
The boy is kind.
The boy lost his way in the forest.
The boy was naked to the waist.
The boy rode a horse for the first time.
The boy could not so much as write his own name.
That boy used to drop in on me.
The boy doesn't know how to behave.
The boy went to bed with his socks on.
The boy has an apple in his pocket.
The boy gave up his seat to the old man on the bus.
The boy made fun of the girl.
The boy has been absent from school for eight days.
I wish I had treated the girl more kindly.
The girl is small for her age.
The girl was gazing at the doll.
The girl had a long scarf around her neck.
The girl brushed past me.
The girl did not like to wash dishes, but she made the best of it.
The girl's eyes were filled with tears.
The little girl laughed a merry laugh.
The girl did not say anything.
The young girl burst into tears.
The girl resembles her mother.
The girl was always following her mother.
This girl is always smiling, but she's not happy.
The girl has no mother.
Having met the girl before, I recognized her at once.
The fiction reduced girls to tears.
The novel is centered on the Civil War.
The novel takes its title from the Bible.
The novel has been translated into many languages.
That novel isn't for children.
The novel ends with the heroine's death.
The victory was won at the cost of many lives.
The lady looked sad, also tired.
It was Tom that saved the girl.
The girl resembled her mother.
The girl wore a yellow ribbon in her hair.
The girl released the birds from the cage.
The girl was afraid to jump down from the roof.
The incident was etched in his memory.
The accident happened two years ago.
The assignment took me longer than I had expected.
Put the gun on the table.
The boat is to leave for England this evening.
The prisoners fought one another like so many mad people.
Don't forget to post the letter.
I do not remember seeing the letter, but perhaps I read it.
Who was the letter written to?
The young woman was carrying an infant in her arms.
The car is ready.
The car isn't worth repairing.
The car is too expensive for me to buy.
The car broke down.
That car is quite new.
The back seat of the car will hold three passengers.
The photo takes me back to my childhood days.
Let me have a look at those photos.
The picture brought back a lot of memories.
Some of the photos have been taken at the risk of life.
I found the field trip very educational.
That experiment was a failure.
The experiment confirmed his theory.
The question was too difficult to answer.
The question was impossible for us to answer.
It is difficult for me to answer the question.
It is easy to answer the question.
The more difficult the questions are, the less likely I'll be able to answer them.
Will you take part in the ceremony?
The dictionary is of great use to me.
That bicycle is too small for you.
She didn't dare to say anything at that time.
I was at home then.
Since that time we have not seen him.
I didn't know what to do then.
See you then.
It wasn't until then that I felt really frightened.
Were you at school at that time?
We also went to the temple.
There is no denying the fact.
No one can deny the fact.
The accident was brought about by his carelessness.
The accident was due to his careless driving.
The accident took place near his home.
The accident arose from a simple mistake.
The accident seemed to have something to do with the heavy snow.
The accident occurred on Friday.
The accident was due to bad driving.
Where did the accident take place?
The accident took place at that corner.
The accident happened the day before yesterday.
When did the accident take place?
The accident happened two hours ago.
He is responsible for the accident.
Dare you ask him about the accident?
I asked him about the accident.
The accident bereaved her of her husband.
Only one person survived the accident.
Ten people were injured in the accident.
The accident almost cost him his life.
The accident caused traffic confusion.
You have only to read this article to see how serious the accident was.
They are inquiring into the matter.
The event is still fresh in our memory.
That event happened 15 years ago.
He backed us up during that incident.
The fact is, I think, very important.
The business hasn't been paying for the last six months.
The total expense for the project amounts to one hundred million yen.
Who will provide capital for the venture?
You mustn't tell that to your parents.
Nobody but John has heard of it.
What time does the game start?
The exam was divided into two parts.
He was happy to have passed the examination.
That market has been rapidly expanding.
The population of the city is about 100,000.
He talked with his eyes shining.
He seems to be asleep.
The child followed me to the park.
The child was paralyzed with fear.
He is as tall as his father.
The child believes that the earth is flat.
That boy talks as if he were a grown up.
He is in poor health.
The child has a case of chicken pox.
The boy was not humiliated by the laughter of his classmates.
He did nothing but cry.
That child may have been kidnapped on his way home.
He grinned with delight.
The little boy is afraid of the dark.
No sooner had the child seen his mother than he burst into tears.
He should apologize for being rude to the guests.
She was crying for a toy.
That child has few friends.
He goes to bed at eight o'clock.
The boy can count to ten.
He made no progress in his speaking ability.
The children were well looked after.
Few people know how to do it.
It won't take long to finish the job.
It is utterly impossible to finish the work within a month.
He couldn't get the job.
Are you through with the work?
I finished the work in less than an hour.
The job looked quite simple, but it took me a week.
The job is not suitable for young girls.
I finished the work yesterday.
That job is pretty much finished.
You'll soon get accustomed to the work.
No less than three hundred dollars was needed for the work.
The mountain is covered with snow.
The mountain has a beautiful shape.
Not a few monkeys were found in the mountain.
The writer is working on a new book.
The writer is living in a log cabin.
The writer is very humorous.
The writer's furniture is all shown in this museum.
The author translated the fairy tale into our mother tongue.
Tell me how you got over such troubles?
The country had been devastated by long war.
That country is rich in mineral resources.
One third of the population of that country cannot read.
That country has a severe climate.
There are several peoples in the country.
We easily figured out the password.
The lecture was very long, but I enjoyed it none the less.
The aviation expert analyzed the statistics in detail.
Is there a zoo in the park?
I was frightened by the sight.
Never shall I forget the sight.
The beauty of the scene was beyond description.
The scenery was beautiful beyond description.
The driver does not have responsibility for the traffic accident.
The word is of great use to me.
What does this word mean?
What does this word mean?
How do you spell the word?
Thereafter we heard no more from him.
I never spoke to him after that.
Soon after that, I began to fall asleep.
After this he went down to Capernaum with his mother and brothers and his disciples.
I don't know how deep the lake is.
The ice on the lake is too thin to bear your weight.
The lake is deepest at this spot.
What is the depth of the lake?
The old cottage has a certain charm about it.
The old bridge is in danger of collapse.
The old cottage had only one bed, so we all took turns sleeping in it.
When she heard that, she broke into tears.
The word is unfamiliar to me.
If you don't know what the word means, look it up in the dictionary.
That word describes it perfectly.
The linguist is fluent in several Chinese dialects.
There were ten police officers on the spot.
The humble man is getting along with his neighbors.
Let's call the dog Skipper.
The dog went away.
The dog is blind in one eye.
The dog saved the girl's life.
The dog growled at a little boy.
The dog came running to me.
The dog is dying.
The dog barked at the stranger.
This dog is almost human.
The dog was sleeping on the mat.
The dog was wagging his tail.
The dog's name is Ken.
Please feed the dog every day.
Don't go near the dog.
The building is seven stories high.
The building will be completed in a year.
Please wait for me at the entrance of the building.
You can only let the matter take its own course.
That matter will take care of itself.
I had a lot to say in relation to that affair.
I'll talk the matter over with my father.
I'll tell you all I know about it.
You can take her at her word on that.
Don't tell anybody about the matter.
What do you think should be done about it?
The result confirmed my hypothesis.
The policeman arrested him for drunken driving.
The policeman arrested him for speeding.
Your help is indispensable for the success of the scheme.
The plan gave rise to much trouble.
The project was a complete failure.
The plan was given up under the pressure of public opinion.
The plan will work out.
She asked me whether I liked the plan or not.
I was deeply impressed by the scenery.
Both brothers are musicians.
The lord held absolute power over his subjects.
Those shoes won't do for climbing.
Where is the bank?
Is the bank far from here?
We divided the money between us.
I remember hearing that music somewhere.
The bridge saved us a lot of time.
The teacher assembled the students in the hall.
That fish lives in fresh water.
The stadium was flooded with baseball fans.
There was a cottage on the side of the hill.
There was a cottage on the side of the hill.
There was a cottage on the side of the hill.
The engineer told us how to use the machine.
The ceremony will take place tomorrow.
Because of its origins, Canadian English has features of both American and British English.
Those records are not accessible to the public.
This account does not agree with the facts.
The sign means that the answer is correct.
The gas gives off a strong, bad smell.
It took a lot of time and money to build the machine.
The machine was too complicated for us to find out the cause of the trouble.
The machine generates a lot of electricity.
The machine takes a lot of room.
The machine is out of order.
Please move the desk to the left.
There is food on the desk.
She did nothing but cry all the while.
The nurse attended the patient.
The patient is getting worse and worse day by day.
That patient may die at any time.
Neither of those two students passed the test.
The students were for the most part from the West Coast.
The student is working at sociology.
The student speaks English a little.
Students are forbidden to smoke on the school grounds.
The school was established in 1650.
The school needed a new teacher.
The town was full of activity.
The town is situated 1,500 meters above sea level.
When I saw the picture, I remembered the story.
The picture is colorful in contrast with this one.
There is a castle in the background of the picture.
The company went bankrupt.
The company suffered big losses.
That company deals mainly in imported goods.
The company spends a lot of money on advertising.
The company employs 500 workers.
The staff at the company tried to cover up the truth, but soon it came to light.
The meeting was called off.
Only one third of the members turned up at the meeting.
The party ended at ten o'clock.
I applied for membership in the association.
I had expected him at the meeting.
The artist is eternally a boy.
I explained the process to him.
The flowers will look more beautiful in the vase.
Put those flowers wherever we can see them well.
A fire broke out the day before yesterday.
The fire reduced the house to ashes.
The volcano has erupted twice this year.
That singer is very popular with young people.
That song always reminds me of my childhood.
The song reminds me of my home.
Let's sing the song in English.
The fruit is still too sour to eat.
The scientist is working on atomic energy.
The family is too poor to pay back the debts.
The family ate dinner together.
The family received me very warmly.
The house stood out because of its unusual shape.
The house requires repairs.
The house is not occupied now.
The house stands on the hill.
The house gave no sign of life.
There is too much furniture in the house.
The music carried me back to my childhood.
That music is worth listening to many times.
The music is difficult for grownups to understand.
The noise frightened the baby.
The noise woke me.
My sleep was disturbed by the sound.
Pick up the pencil from the floor.
The English lesson started at 8:30.
Go along this street, and you'll find the movie theater.
I saw the film, which was not so good.
I remember seeing the movie.
Did you ever see that movie?
It was you that suggested seeing that movie.
The movie was interesting.
Only adults may watch that film.
The movie was less funny than the book.
This movie is worth seeing.
I saw the film in San Francisco last year.
The movie received mixed reviews.
The movie gained her great popularity.
The rumor isn't true.
The rumor is believed to be true.
The rumor was without foundation.
The crow flew away.
Translate the passage word for word.
The doctor is known to everyone in the village.
The doctor is a great authority on children's diseases.
Can you see the difference?
The committee consists of scientists and engineers.
The committee consists of four members.
He was surprised to find the great artist's masterpiece hung on the wall upside down.
The idea was brought into shape.
The devil destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
The young man put out his hand and I shook it.
The rope wasn't strong enough to support him.
Finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible.
Only four horses competed in the race.
Will you explain the rule to me?
That is how he got out of danger.
That is how he got out of danger.
Do you have any grounds for thinking so?
He must be a gentleman to act that way.
Such secrets are always eventually revealed.
Such magazines have a great influence on children.
I have neither seen nor heard of such a thing.
The mountain is not as high as Mt. Fuji.
The mountain is 2000 meters above sea level.
The motel can accommodate as many as 400 guests.
I found the comic book very interesting.
One hundred and fifty people entered the marathon race.
The bottle is filled with water.
Roll the ball to me.
The boat was tied with a short line.
The bell rings at eight.
Is the snake alive or dead?
Those grapes look sweet, but in fact they're sour.
The two men were seen to steal into the house.
Open the bottle.
The pianist played two encores.
The bus was behind schedule.
The bus will take you to the center of the city.
The party has been put off until next Tuesday.
No student went to the party.
That tie goes well with your shirt.
The news made her happy.
I heard the news on the radio.
The news spread all over Japan.
The knife has a keen blade.
The dress suits you very well.
How much did you pay for the dress?
The tiger laid in the middle of the cage.
The load of the truck was in excess of three tons.
The driver was charged with speeding.
Was the baby crying then?
The door locks automatically.
There is a bookstore in front of the department store.
I found the test difficult.
I didn't mean that.
The little girl has a doll in her hands.
That scandal cost him his reputation.
The supermarket opens at ten o'clock.
That white dress looks good on you.
The monkey climbed up a tree.
The computer is new.
The computer's color is red.
At that time, my mother was younger than I am now.
At that time, Mexico was not yet independent of Spain.
The garbage-can gave off a bad smell.
I'll leave that to you.
Please think no more about it.
People are getting more concerned about the matter.
I want to talk to him about it.
You don't need to worry about it.
The miser opened the box to find his money stolen.
Tell me how to play the game.
I wish we had won the game.
I wish we had won the game.
Don't cut the cake with a knife.
The group is made up of six members.
The class consists of fifty students.
Where did you buy the shoes?
Divide the candies among you.
The poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator.
The camera will cost at least $500.
The bag was too heavy for me to move.
The basket was full of apples.
I regret eating those oysters.
The money has not been used up.
None of the money is yours.
The elevator seems to be out of order.
The value of the painting was estimated at several million dollars.
Some of the essays are very interesting.
I think the rumor is true.
We had to pay ten thousand yen in addition.
You can make up to 80,000 yen a month in that part-time job.
Emi danced the most beautifully of the three girls.
Compare the two carefully, and you will see the difference.
There are subtle differences between the two pictures.
The two teams fought very hard.
How's the weather there?
How's the weather there?
Take off your socks.
How is the weather there?
Please write to me about conditions at your school.
Sorry I won't be there.
And on sunny days all the pigeons flew home.
Will you take me there?
How long will it take to get there?
It'll take an hour to get there.
I intend to go there.
I went there by bus and train.
This place is famous for its scenic beauty.
I think you're sitting in my seat.
It is cold there even in summer.
I'll take you there.
Will you permit me to go there?
I have been warned against going there.
You'll find it impossible to live there.
There was no one there besides me.
I've never been there before.
I've never been there before.
I met a friend there.
He gave it a new name.
Who did you meet there?
What happened here?
I didn't meet anyone there.
I saw a wonderful fall there.
You can see the roof of the house from there.
I'd like the sauce on the side.
You don't have to be so nervous.
Don't you think so?
You are correct in thinking so.
Few people think so.
You have every reason to say so.
No, I don't think so.
Yes, you need to practice every day.
Yes and no.
I hope so.
I don't think we should do that.
He saw brightly-colored birds, flowers and leaves.
It is absolutely impossible to do so.
That's not the problem.
Such a man is bound to fail.
Under the circumstances I cannot allow the request.
Don't talk about such a thing.
Which way is Central Park?
This chair is ugly.
The cement will set in a couple of hours.
You should have visited Kyoto.
I do hope you'll come again.
I would very much like to go.
The general strike paralyzed the whole country.
After I got all worked up about ordering in English, I walked in the store and they greeted me with "Irasshaimase!" I felt, like, "What the ...?"
I have a cough.
When I was in Salem, I would often play tennis with John.
The Seine flows through Paris.
Seiko has no sisters.
Beware of pickpockets.
Would you mind turning down the radio?
Excuse me, but where is the library?
Would you please give me some more tea?
Excuse me. Can you direct me to the nearest subway station?
Will you please let me go now?
I'm sorry, could you repeat that please?
Would you please lend me some money?
Sorry, the line is busy now.
I'm sorry, I'm busy right now.
I'm sorry, I dialed the wrong number.
Excuse me, I'm lost.
Excuse me, I'm lost.
I'm sorry. I have another appointment.
Excuse me, I have to get off at the next stop.
Sorry, I've got my hands full now.
I'm sorry, but I didn't catch what you said.
Excuse me, is this seat taken?
Who is the man sitting in the corner?
Mrs. Smith goes to church by car.
Mrs. Smith is our English teacher.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith live apart from each other now.
Is Miss Smith an English teacher?
Mr Smith and I have been acquainted with each other for a long time.
Mr Smith is a good teacher.
Mr. Smith doesn't speak English, does he?
The Smiths live in my neighborhood.
Mr Smith is an acquaintance of hers.
I've known Mr Smith for many years.
How long have you known Miss Smith?
A sponge absorbs water.
Did Spot go, too?
Everything went according to plan.
All tragedies end with a death.
All the signs are that she is getting better.
Everything depends upon your decision.
It all depends on whether they will support us.
The wild beasts all gather.
Every mother has affection for her child.
Lay down all arms.
All horses are animals, but not all animals are horses.
All horses are animals, but not all animals are horses.
Not all birds can fly.
All our teachers were young and loved teaching.
Everybody is equal before the law.
All men are created equal.
Every nation should help each other.
All happy families resemble each other, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
All the students are studying English.
Four-fifths of all the members were against the plan.
80% of all English words come from other languages.
All essays must be handed in on time.
Shut all the doors and windows.
Please leave everything to me.
All the dogs are alive.
Spaniards love to stroll around in the evening cool.
I know a little Spanish.
A little knowledge of Spanish will go a long way toward making your trip to Mexico enjoyable.
I wish I could have spoken Spanish.
Spanish is her native language.
There is a spoon missing.
There is a spoon missing.
Driving too fast is dangerous.
You're driving too fast.
It's a nice day, isn't it?
What a marvelous person your brother is!
It was a lovely autumn evening.
I'm not used to spicy food.
In other words, he doesn't want to do it.
The strike affected the nation's economy.
The strike affected the nation's economy.
Put a record on the stereo.
Stella really is dead!
There's no use crying over spilt milk.
A considerable amount of time and effort have been spent already.
Twenty years already passed.
How would you like your steak?
Steve did not come home.
Steve is getting on the bus.
Steve goes to school with Kate.
Did you sleep well last night, Steve?
Steve received a letter from Jane.
It was only much later that I came to understand the importance of child education.
I haven't quite finished eating.
A stewardess was rescued from the wreck.
There were lots of people in the stadium.
Scotland is famous for its woollen textiles.
Scotland can be very warm in September.
I suppose I felt a little jealous.
I don't like anything like hard work.
I had a fine old time.
I am terribly hungry.
Does it hurt a lot?
I was biting my nails, worrying about you.
I feel very sick.
What an awful lot of books you have!
It's freezing.
These fireworks are spectacular!
It's amazing.
That's too much!
Wow!
Don't forget your ice skates.
Skating is one of my hobbies.
Skating is one of my hobbies.
I hope you'll soon get well.
I hope you will answer me soon.
Leave now.
Start right now, and you'll catch up with them.
You had better leave at once.
We'll begin work soon.
I'm coming.
Go at once, otherwise you will be late.
There is a post office close by.
Send for the doctor at once.
Send for the doctor at once, or the patient may get worse.
Furniture made of good materials sells well.
I believe you'll get over it soon.
I'll be back soon.
Come back soon.
Come back soon.
Please write back soon.
She will get well soon.
You will soon get to like him.
You don't have to answer quickly.
You had better go to bed right away, or your cold will get worse.
You'd better go to bed at once.
You'd better go to bed at once.
Let's start right away.
Start at once, or you will miss the bus.
You'll have to start at once.
If we don't hit the road soon, we'll get caught in the morning rush hour traffic.
You had better go at once.
You must not jump to conclusions.
I will write to you soon.
Get up at once, or you will be late for school.
You'd better go home at once.
Please come back at once.
Come and see me right now.
Send for a doctor at once.
A doctor was called in right away.
A doctor was sent for at once.
I hope you'll be well soon.
I look forward to seeing you again very soon.
You had better do it at once.
I'm sorry, but I can't answer right away.
You will soon get accustomed to living in this country.
I recognized your voice right away.
Do I have to do it right away?
It's just around the corner.
Must I go there at once?
Have you ever tried scuba diving?
Take as much as you like.
I'd like to go skiing.
What do you say we go skiing?
Don't make noise while eating soup.
Eat your soup while it is hot.
There's a hair in my soup.
You have the choice of soup or salad.
Sue checked in at the Royal Hotel.
Sue is an American student.
The supermarkets are now closed, so we'll have to make do with what is left in the refrigerator.
The old houses were torn down to make room for a supermarket.
I'll take your suitcase to your room.
Let me relieve you of your suitcase.
One of my suitcases is missing.
Don't talk so impudently.
Susan is a good cook.
Susan enjoys listening to music.
Susan shined her father's shoes.
Susan made a dress for Jill.
Susan greeted her guests at the door.
Susan is majoring in American history.
It was very dark in Susan's room.
Susan left an hour ago.
I'm Susan Greene.
Sweden has a language of its own.
Excuse me, but is this the right way to the subway station?
Visitors to Switzerland admire the Alps.
Switzerland is famous for its scenic beauty.
Switzerland is a beautiful country.
Switzerland is a beautiful country.
Switzerland is a neutral country.
Most Swiss people can speak three or four languages.
What language do they speak in Switzerland?
Zimbabwe was once a colony of Britain.
I'd like to reserve a single room.
The number of visitors to Singapore has increased year by year.
They fine you in Singapore if you throw trash in the streets.
In Singapore, one way to punish a criminal is to whip him or her.
English is spoken in Singapore.
I'm from Singapore.
It is rude to stare at strangers.
Jill saw the movie with Ken.
Jill is engaged to Jack.
It is hard to convince John.
John is clever.
John likes to trade stamps with his friends.
Will John come to see us tomorrow?
John is very proud of his new house.
John inherited a large fortune.
John took a walk along the river.
John had a bad cold last week.
John makes fun of his dog.
John has confidence in his ability.
John doesn't know what to do next.
John is as old as my brother.
John is my best friend.
John ignored my advice.
John did not know how to explain to his wife that he had quit his job.
John was tired from working overtime.
John came to Japan yesterday.
John left for France yesterday.
John has put on a lot of weight recently.
John cannot be living in London now.
What is John doing now?
John should be here any minute now.
John finished the work at the expense of his health.
John is brave in appearance, but is in reality a coward.
John writes a letter to his parents once a month.
John passed among the crowd.
John is envious of your new car.
These days John drinks too much.
John is head and shoulders above any of his classmates in French.
John is likely to make a mistake.
John turned his back on the company and started on his own.
John is much taller than Mary.
John asked Mary whether she would like to go shopping in the afternoon.
John took a key out of his pocket.
John lives in New York.
John is wrestling with Tom.
Where does John live?
I wonder why John is always late for school.
John is good at chess.
She said that John must be very glad to hear the news.
John will not answer the question.
I don't think John is suited for the job.
John felt the presence of a ghost in the dark room.
What did John sing on the stage?
John was married to Jane.
John will be here in five minutes.
John is senior to me by two years.
John's mother looks so young that she is often mistaken for his elder sister.
The girl talking with John is Susan.
John and Mary broke up last week.
John and Mary loved each other.
John and Ann like each other.
May I introduce you to Dr. Johnson?
It is clearly shown in Johnson's investigation that passive smoking is very harmful.
With the money Mr Johnson had saved, he would be able to live high on the hog when he retired.
I will leave when John comes.
It took John only one day to make friends with his classmates at the school.
John broke the window yesterday.
I'd like to speak to John Warner.
John Lennon was born in 1940.
Enjoy yourself at the party, John.
Johnny proposed to Alice and she accepted.
I think jogging is good exercise.
Try to lose weight by jogging.
The Joneses love their daughter.
Mr Jones teaches us English conversation.
A farewell meeting was held in honor of Mr Jones.
Was Joe with you yesterday evening?
The show was wonderful, but the tickets were too expensive.
Admission to the show is $5.
Joe and I saw a lion yesterday.
Mr Jordan woke up suddenly.
George hit him in the stomach.
George works on a big farm.
George was broken-hearted.
George was broken-hearted.
George failed in business.
George is five years senior to me.
George sent me a birthday card.
George is the captain of our team.
George was tricked into buying the land.
George is quite talkative.
Jorge is able to speak four languages.
George felt the train begin to move.
George's sister made me some sandwiches.
George has an incredibly large Adam's apple.
Julie received a Christmas card from her brother in Italy.
Julia's native language is Italian.
Julia's native language is Italian.
Judy will talk about Japan tomorrow.
I want a dozen cream puffs.
No pro golfer in Japan is as popular as Jumbo Ozaki.
I'd like a single with a shower, please.
I'm sorry to have disturbed you.
Quit talking, will you?
Janet bought a skirt and a blouse.
Please take off your shirt.
The second button of your shirt is coming off.
I have to iron my shirt.
You can count on Jack.
I hiccup a lot.
Jack decided to cancel the reservations.
Jack bought a present for his friend.
Jack resembles his father.
It seems that Jack is sick.
Jack collects stamps.
Jack is one of my friends.
Jack is bound to succeed this time.
Jack is interested in painting.
Everybody laughed at Jack.
Jack can speak French.
Jack brushed the dust off his coat.
All Jack does is sleep.
Jack doesn't drive fast.
Jack is the tallest boy in his class.
Jack always finds fault with others. That's why everybody avoids him.
Jack was born on August tenth.
Jack can't afford to buy a new bicycle.
How long have you known Jack?
It was yesterday that Jake broke this window.
Jack isn't here.
Don't be so wild, Jack.
When were potatoes introduced into Japan?
Please scrape the skin off the potatoes.
See you at the party.
See you at the party.
So you give up, right?
Well, I'll tell you how to spell my name.
Jim accompanied her on the piano.
Jim is crazy about his girlfriend.
Jim was able to hold back his anger and avoid a fight.
Jim drove his car, whistling merrily.
Jim is above any of his classmates in English.
Though Jim works very hard, his job does not pay very much.
Jim runs as fast as Ron.
Jim doesn't like apples, does he?
Jim works hard, but John is idle.
Jim got a job as a waiter.
Jim hasn't come yet.
Jim hasn't been home yet.
Jim likes to play the drum.
Jim goes to school by bus.
Jim has been trying to take me out to dinner for the last three weeks.
Jim is on bad terms with his classmates.
Jim got down from the tree.
Jim is Canadian.
Jim wrote the letter for Betty.
Jim's father always comes home late.
The girl talking with Jim is Mary.
Jim is short for James.
I wish Jim would behave himself.
Jimmy often comes to see me on weekends.
Is Jimmy writing a letter?
Jimmy insisted on my taking him to the zoo.
Jimmy was hurt in a traffic accident.
Let's wait for a while and see how you do.
If you sleep for a while, you will feel much better.
Please hold the line a moment.
Keep an eye on the child for me for a moment.
Let me think for a while.
I don't mind waiting for a while.
After a while, the man came into the room.
After a while, the little black rabbit sat down, and looked very sad.
Can I ride this horse for a while?
Would you mind my staying here for some time?
Wait here for a while.
Sydney is the largest city in Australia.
Sydney is the largest city in Australia.
Sydney is the largest city in Australia.
You have to be patient about your recovery.
Study hard.
With a firm goal in mind, you will do well.
But, he didn't keep his promise.
But he was lucky.
But he is bad at reading English.
But his friends call him Ken.
But earthquakes are still as frightening as ever.
But no man could help me.
But you're not there.
However, the quantity was not correct.
However, some people in the audience were not pleased with the results.
However, I recommend that you take the JR Narita Express (a train leaves every 30-60 minutes from the airport), to avoid the complexity of changing trains.
But he did not often smile.
But the farmer smiled at him.
But I want a car.
But I'm not sure whether it brings happiness to everybody.
But he needed a job.
However, I have no money.
But he wanted a son very much.
John cannot keep his family.
Jeff seems to know where she is.
Jenny thanked me for the gift.
The jet landed at Tokyo.
Jessie is boiling water to make coffee.
Jane wrote the letter herself.
Jane wrote the letter herself.
Jane plays tennis too.
Jane is sick in bed.
Jane took her dog for a walk.
Jane is out shopping.
Jane can sing some Japanese songs.
Jane skipped the questions she couldn't answer.
Jane kept silent for a long time.
Jane is talking with somebody.
Jane is in serious trouble.
Jane is fat and rude, and smokes too much. However, Ken thinks she's lovely and charming. That's why they say love is blind.
Jane filled out an application.
Jane was a stewardess when she was young.
Jane is the president's secretary.
Jane insisted that she was right.
Jane is as old as I am.
Jane is absent from school today.
Jane may not be at home now.
Jane looks happy.
Will Jane sing?
Jane is not able to swim.
Jane had her hair cut short before the athletic meet.
Jane swims better than Yumi.
Jane has five handbags.
Jane looks very happy.
Jane sometimes runs to school.
Jane didn't play tennis, did she?
Jane could not believe it when her date polished off an entire chocolate cake.
Jane wanted an ice cream cone.
Jane appears to be enjoying the party.
Jane comes from Australia.
Jane calls a spade a spade.
Jane is no less beautiful than her mother.
I could hardly follow what Jane said in her speech.
Jane is more attractive than Susan.
It was a week before Jane got over her cold.
This racket of Jane's is a little heavier than the one which I bought yesterday.
Why did Jane go to the station?
We elected James chairman.
James was caught in a shower.
Shakespeare compared the world to a stage.
Shakespeare is too hard to read.
Jane seems to have a new boyfriend.
Jay picked up the old scissors.
Shakespeare is the name of a writer.
Shakespeare's "Macbeth" is a tragedy.
Whether Shakespeare wrote this poem or not will probably remain a mystery.
Jean has fallen out with Paul over the education of their children.
Jean and Kate are twins.
I got a hole in my jeans.
Fasten your seat belt, please.
I want to go to Seattle.
Welcome to San Francisco.
I'm from Zambia.
He never says thanks in spite of all that I've done for him.
Sally gave him a Christmas present.
Sally made her brother clean the bathroom.
Sally lost the contact lenses she had bought the day before.
Sally met Harry at the station.
To make matters worse, he isn't even conscious of annoying his neighbors.
Do you have any further questions?
As more time passed, these Creoles became separate languages: Spanish, French, Italian, etc.
Three more passengers got on the bus.
To make matters worse, it began to rain.
To make matters worse, it began snowing.
What is still better is that the house has a beautiful garden.
Would you like some salad?
I must say good-bye to you.
I'll be seeing you.
Sharks are sensitive to electrical impulses as well as sound.
The skin of a shark is much rougher than that of a tuna fish.
Sam made the school basketball team.
Sam has already done his homework.
Sam joined the army when he was eighteen.
Sammy Davis was an excellent singer.
He overcame all sorts of hardship and setbacks to succeed in a solo crossing of Antarctica.
If you are going to the safari park, take the No.5 bus.
Well, let's start our work.
Don't let the cops find a heater on you.
At a rough estimate, I would say the job will take two weeks.
Let's play soccer.
Soccer is more popular than tennis.
Soccer is the most popular of all sports.
A soccer team consists of eleven players.
Saudi Arabia is very rich in oil.
You must look over the contract before you sign it.
Here we are!
Here we are at Ueno Station.
It's now my turn.
The restaurant can't be matched for good service.
Here comes the bus.
Well, let's get the ball rolling.
Sir Harold is a fine English gentleman.
Come along.
Let's play baseball!
Let's play baseball!
Come on in!
Now let's get down to work.
Come on, try again.
Now, get off the boat and swim to shore.
Come on, we'll be late if you don't hurry up.
How are your parents getting along?
Remember me to your parents.
Please call me up if you want me.
I am sorry to trouble you.
I am sorry to trouble you.
I'm sorry to trouble you, but could you tell me the way to the station?
Ladies first.
Please come over with your wife.
I hear you have been sick.
Wash your hands before eating.
Do you have rice?
Which do you prefer, rice or bread?
You may have it for the asking.
Why don't you drop in for tea at your convenience?
Would you like to order?
What's the purpose of your visit?
What's the purpose of your visit?
Tokyo, as you know, is one of the financial centers of the world.
May you succeed!
I shall never forget your kindness.
I will never forget your kindness as long as I live.
Thank you for inviting me.
Let me know the time you are leaving.
What's your home phone number?
I wish you good luck.
Are you married or are you single?
Thank you in advance for your help.
I appreciate your cooperation.
Thank you for your cooperation.
I am not quite sure if we can meet your requirements.
I'll try to meet your wishes.
Did you bring your family with you?
Please remember me to all your family.
How about having dinner together?
Won't you have some tea with me?
The development of the computer industry has been very rapid.
There are many jobs available in the computer industry.
A computer is a complex machine.
The computer is placed to the left of the women.
Computers are used to send messages by e-mail.
The computer is a recent invention.
A computer is an absolute necessity now.
Do you know how to operate a computer?
What a waste to buy such an expensive machine even though he doesn't even know how to use computers.
It's possible to branch out from computing to jobs in banking, accountancy and so on.
Computers save us a lot of time and trouble.
Compared to a computer, a word processor has a single purpose.
It is an advantage to be able to use a computer.
Hello, Tom.
Hi, Susan. How are you?
Hi, Susan. How are you?
Hi! Do you work here?
What is the good of reading such books?
In this way, we waste a lot of time.
Have you ever seen such a beautiful sunset?
I'd rather stay home than go out in this weather.
I can't afford to eat in such an expensive restaurant.
I wanna get out of here!
You had better not walk around in such a place.
This is a daily occurrence.
I want to move out of this cramped room as soon as I can.
It's absolutely impossible for me to go on like this.
This is how I made it.
I hope it will be the only one.
I'm sorry to cause you all this trouble.
Never have I seen such a beautiful sight.
Never have I seen such a beautiful picture.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
I had no idea it would put you to so much trouble.
Fancy meeting you here!
This is the first time.
Have you ever heard of such a thing?
Such a thing can't happen in Japan.
I'm looking for my contact lens.
Have you found your contact lenses?
How did you enjoy the concert?
I noticed several people sleeping during the concert.
There were many people at the concert.
Columbus argued that he could reach India by going west.
Columbus discovered America.
It's true.
It's true.
Whose book is this?
Whose book is this?
Whose book is this?
Try to avoid making any more trouble.
What more could I want?
I'll give you anything but this.
Don't turn up the volume of TV anymore.
Beyond this I know nothing.
Can I eat this?
Please send me a reply as soon as you receive this mail.
Can I try this on?
May I use this?
I'd like three of these.
I'd like three of these.
I bought this yesterday.
Can I see this one?
Who broke this?
There must be some way to solve this.
Where would you like me to put this?
Please copy this.
Can you copy this for me?
Could you take this, please?
These are very old books.
These are my books.
These are my pencils.
These are our desks.
Divide these apples between you three.
Divide these apples between you three.
These green leaves turn red or yellow in fall.
These containers are airtight.
These trees were planted by them.
Tell me where to put these books.
These books are new.
Are these books Kenji's?
Whose books are these?
Whose books are these?
Do you want any of these books?
The mixture of these substances is dangerous.
I would like to know how these substances are absorbed by the body.
These boxes are made of plastic.
These tools are used for building a house.
These animals feed on grass.
There are not many books on these shelves.
These products are of the same quality.
These pearls are genuine, not artificial.
There is no scientific basis for these claims.
These questions are easy to answer.
You must answer these questions.
In these countries hunger is the rule.
Write these words in your notebook.
These old customs have been handed down from generation to generation.
I got these old coins from her.
These machines aren't working now.
These customs differ from those in our country.
These pictures were painted by him.
Do you like any of these pictures?
Do you like any of these pictures?
Would you like some of those pictures?
These garments are made of 100 percent wool.
These apples are good cookers.
Half of these apples are rotten.
Which of these rackets is yours?
These things constitute a balanced meal.
Whose are these pens?
None of these buses go to Shinjuku.
None of these buses go to Shinjuku.
His ambition was blasted by these repeated failures.
These cameras are made in Japan.
These oranges have gone bad.
These dogs are big.
These two lines cut across each other at right angles.
So far we have been quite successful.
Have you ever loved a man?
Haven't I seen you before?
Never have I felt better.
This is a useful book and, what is more, it is not expensive.
This may not be a real diamond.
This is a book.
This is a book.
This is worth one million yen.
This is a beautiful flower.
This was the most interesting book that she had ever read.
This is the picture of his own painting.
This is their house.
This is the town where he was born.
This is the pen that he signed the document with.
This is because of the difference between Japanese politeness and American politeness.
This is the tallest tower in Japan.
This is a secret just between you and me, so don't let it slip out.
This is a difficult math problem.
This is a book to read.
This is the most beautiful flower in the garden.
This is too long.
This is the worst hotel in town.
This isn't what I ordered.
This is a map.
This is by far the best method.
Whose room is this?
Whose dictionary is this?
Whose bicycle is this?
Whose car is this?
Whose car is this?
Whose car is this?
Whose umbrella is this?
Who does this suitcase belong to?
This is considered to be a matter of great importance.
This is too big.
This is a house to let, not to be sold.
This is a map of the city of Sendai.
This is a book about stars.
This is a book about stars.
This is longer than any other bridge in the world.
This is the biggest car in the world.
This is an important event.
This is a very important meeting. You ought not to miss it.
This is a picture of my sister.
This is beyond the scope of my imagination.
This is my bicycle.
This is my dictionary.
This isn't my umbrella; it's somebody else's.
This isn't my bag.
This is a picture of my family.
This is a picture of my family.
This is my bag.
This is the dictionary I use every day.
This is a picture I took last week.
This is the only camera I've got.
This is the same pen that I lost yesterday.
This is the best book that I've ever read.
This is the longest novel that I have ever read.
This is the biggest cat that I've ever seen.
This is the finest view I have ever seen.
This is the most massive structure I have ever seen.
This is the tallest tree I have ever seen.
This is the nicest present I've ever had.
This is what I bought in Spain.
This is a good book for children to read.
This is a matter of capital importance.
This is the worst book I've ever read.
This is the best book I have ever read.
This is the worst movie I have ever seen.
This is the most beautiful sight that I have ever seen.
I don't like this. Show me another.
This is a dog.
This is a present for you.
This is a present for you.
This is a present for you.
Is this your bicycle?
Is this your tape recorder?
This is for you.
This has nothing to do with you.
This is your only chance.
This is a picture of an airport.
I don't like this one.
I don't like this.
Can I carry this on the plane?
I believe this fish is a freshwater fish.
This is more than I have earned.
What an old book this is!
This is a pencil.
This wasn't cheap, was it?
This is a good book, but that one is better.
This is a good textbook.
This is a nice camera.
This is Mary's dog.
Are these all your belongings?
I can't make any sense of this.
This is Mike's bicycle.
Is this a pen or a pencil?
What kind of stone is this?
Can you tell me what this is?
This is Tony's book.
This is Tony's book.
Can you tell me how to fill in this form?
This is very good.
This is a very beautiful flower.
This is a very important meeting.
This is a matter of great importance.
This is a very tall tree.
This is a very interesting book.
This is just what I wanted.
This question must be discussed separately from that one.
This is the village where the poet was born.
This is an exception to the rule.
This is the house that Jack built.
This is Jane's bag.
This is Kenji's chair.
Is this your car?
Is this the bus to Oxford?
This is the fifth concert by this orchestra.
This is smaller than that.
This letter is addressed to you.
Is this your book?
This is your book.
You can keep this one for yourself.
Is this the key you are looking for?
Is this your umbrella?
Is this your pen?
This is secret between you and me.
This is a problem you have to solve by yourself.
This means nil.
This means that others can only come to know you and like you by listening to what you say.
In relation to this, I am to blame.
I have mixed feelings about this.
What is the difference between this and that?
This is the end.
This is all he has to do.
My cholesterol is high.
I guess I'm never going to get married.
This makes me very angry.
This is what I want.
That's just what I wanted.
This is a post office and that is a bank.
This is mine, and that's yours.
This is what he said.
I'm not sure if this is correct.
Is this my life?
Is this your first trip abroad?
This is a picture of my mother.
This is the house where I live.
This is his answer to my letter.
This is my car.
This is the best dictionary that I have.
This is the ideology to which my speech is written.
This is my business address.
This is what I need.
This is the house in which I was born and brought up.
This is the room where the body was found.
This is the man who's suspected by the police.
This is the book which you are looking for.
This is the passage to the sea.
Is this a river?
We hope you will enjoy the show.
Answer me this.
I hope we stay in touch.
Let's keep in touch.
Let's keep in touch.
I will never tell a lie from now on.
From now on, let's keep in touch.
These flowers grow in warm countries.
Is this the train for New York?
Do you know who they are?
Do you know who they are?
Is this your book, Mike?
Playing golf is great fun.
I like to play golf.
Can I make a reservation for golf?
Gorillas cannot use their lips and tongues to speak, but they can communicate with people in other ways.
Take your time. There's no hurry.
Sorry, I've got to go.
Sorry. It's all my fault.
I'm sorry, but I can't hear you well.
Sorry. The train was late.
I'm sorry. I take back my words.
The only person who's looking forward to Miss Cobb's return.
This rose is beautiful.
This story is based on facts.
This story is by far more interesting than that one.
Please bear with me until I finish the story.
Let's put a stop to this discussion.
This train stops at every station.
This apple is bad.
Are these eggs sold by the dozen?
Please mail this form to your insurance company.
Please fill in your name and address on this form.
This dress is a good bargain.
Mail this letter.
This medicine will do you good.
This medicine will make you feel better.
Do I have to take this medicine?
I think this medicine will do you good.
This poison is very effective in getting rid of roaches.
This medicine should be taken every three hours.
This medicine cured me of my cold.
I've never heard of this actor.
What do you call this vegetable in English?
I had difficulty in solving this problem.
I had difficulty in solving this problem.
How shall we deal with this matter?
Let's clear up this problem.
This problem is too difficult for primary school children to solve.
This problem is worth discussing.
We will deal with this problem in Chapter Three.
We will deal with this problem in Chapter Three.
I will deal with this problem.
This question isn't easy.
This matter is of great importance.
You cannot solve this problem in an ordinary way.
This question counts for 50 points.
This problem seems difficult.
All the answers to this question were wrong.
Let's begin with this problem.
These cotton socks bear washing well.
The eternal silence of these infinite spaces terrifies me.
This book will give you a clear idea of the American way of life.
It is easy for me to read this book.
Every time I read this book, I find something new.
It took me three days to read through this book.
Read this book.
No matter who it was that wrote this book, he's very clever.
May I borrow this book?
Put this sentence into English.
I will give you this book.
Give this book to whoever wants it.
This book will be printed next year.
This book looks interesting.
This book seemed interesting.
This book is a result of his enthusiastic research.
This book is for students whose native language is not Japanese.
This book is worth reading twice.
This book is too difficult for you to read.
I found this book interesting.
I think this book is worth reading.
This book isn't worth reading.
This book is worth reading.
It is easy to read this book.
It is easy to read this book.
This book contains forty photographs.
This book isn't interesting at all.
This was the best-selling book last week.
This book belongs to the library.
This book is new.
This book is small.
This book is written in easy English for beginners to understand.
This book is written in such easy English as beginners can understand.
This book has a lot of pictures.
This book will be of great use to us.
This book is hard for me to read.
This book is full of mistakes.
This book is full of mistakes.
This book is popular with students.
What is the book about?
I bought this book at the bookstore in front of the station.
This book was printed in England.
This book is written in English.
This book sells well.
This book is worth reading again.
This book is Tony's.
This book is really interesting.
This book is very small.
This book is easy enough for them to read.
This book will do more harm than good.
This book is very interesting.
This book deals with life in the United Kingdom.
Does this book belong to you?
This book will be of great use to you.
This book is easy enough for a five-year-old child to read.
This book is smaller.
Who is the author of this book?
Every sentence in this book is important.
Every sentence in this book is important.
This book is beautifully illustrated.
This book contains the complete works of Shakespeare.
This book will do.
This book will awaken your imagination.
Is this hat yours?
Does this cap belong to you?
I paid ten dollars for this cap.
This law will deprive us of our basic rights.
This law is applicable to all cases.
Could you put this report into Italian for me?
Make a copy of this report.
Is there a mailbox near here?
Is there a supermarket near here?
Is there a gas station around here?
Can I catch a taxi near here?
Who owns this villa?
You should rewrite this sentence.
This sentence doesn't make sense.
Can he write this character?
This sentence is grammatically correct.
Will you please explain the meaning of this sentence to me?
You can't understand this sentence, can you?
This story is true.
This story is based on actual events.
All the events described in this story are imaginary.
The heroine of this story is a little girl.
I like this skirt. May I try it on?
Write your name and address on this envelope.
This room is air-conditioned.
This room has fine ventilation.
This room is used by teachers.
Smoking is not allowed in this room.
This room is very warm.
This room does not get much sun.
There is a television in this room.
This room has air conditioning.
This room is too small to contain 50 men.
You can eat lunch here in this room.
You may not smoke in this room.
Don't you think the air conditioner is turned up too high in here?
Who's in charge of this section?
This hospital has a lot of new equipment.
The swimming pool is open to the public.
Admission to the museum is thirty dollars.
This plane flies between Osaka and Hakodate.
This airplane is capable of carrying 40 passengers at a time.
In this secret code, each number stands for a letter of the alphabet.
This program has become stereotyped.
Please call me at this number.
This invention was the result of years of patient experiment.
This discovery will be recorded in history.
Please open this box.
This box is made of paper.
This box is empty. It has nothing in it.
This box is too bulky to carry.
This box is not as big as that one.
Do you know how to open this box?
This box is filled with apples.
This meat is roasted well.
I'd like to have this meat dish with your best white wine.
Summarize the contents in 60 English words.
We must pay a toll to drive on this road.
This road connects Tokyo with Osaka.
This road will take you to the museum.
This road will lead you to the airport.
Go straight ahead along this street.
Go straight ahead along this street.
This road is too narrow for cars to pass.
Where does this street lead to?
There is not much traffic on this road.
This fairy tale is easy enough for a seven-year-old child to read.
What do you call this animal in Japanese?
This animal is bigger than that one.
If you stand on this stool, you can reach the top of the closet.
This tower commands a full view of the city.
This sword has a strange history.
It's wasteful to leave the land lying idle.
Nothing seems to grow in this soil.
This city is called the Japanese Denmark.
This city is 1,600 meters above sea level.
This telephone is out of order.
I should have tried out this electric shaver before buying it.
This point deserves special emphasis.
Opinion is divided on this point.
It is on this point that our opinions differ.
The store sells foodstuffs, such as butter, cheese, and sugar.
This store has a variety of spices.
This store is closed at nine.
This store is opened at eight.
Will the fine weather keep up till tomorrow?
Go straight down this street and turn right at the third light.
Go along this street and turn right at the bank.
I can't stand this pain any more.
What do you call this bird?
This bird cannot fly.
How long is this?
This bird's large wings enable it to fly very fast.
This town is quite different from what it was ten years ago.
The climate of this town is so mild that the thermometer seldom rises to thirty degrees, even in midsummer.
One out of three persons in this city has his own car.
Is there a museum in this town?
This is the cheapest store in town.
There used to be a lot of frogs in this pond.
You'll find this map very useful.
Every person in this community is like a cell in the immune system of a healthy human body.
There are many stores in this area.
A forest fire broke out in this area.
This news is important to us.
This paragraph is vague.
This word is difficult to pronounce.
What does that word mean?
How do you pronounce this word?
Do you know the meaning of this word?
What is the meaning of this word?
What is the meaning of this word?
I don't understand this word.
This word has two meanings.
When was this university founded?
The oranges in this bag are rotten.
This village is free from air pollution.
There is no factory in this village.
The things in this village are cheaper than those in ours.
I cannot accept this gift.
This noise is annoying.
I can't put up with this noise.
I can't tolerate this noise any longer.
I can't stand this noise any longer.
I can not bear this noise any more.
This device made it possible to turn sea-water into fresh water easily.
This organization cannot exist without you.
There is nothing new transpired since I wrote you last.
When did you visit Kyoto last?
She looked well when I last saw her.
It happened that I was free last Sunday.
I went skiing at Zao last winter.
How were your last exams?
Their food was great last time.
I found that she wore the same dress that I had seen her wear last time.
This boat sails through the Strait of Gibraltar.
The length of this ship is 30 meters.
Divide this line into twenty equal parts.
You can't use this washing machine.
This battle left Napoleon master of Europe.
This river is dangerous to swim in.
This river is dangerous for children to swim in.
What is the name of this river?
What is the name of this river?
This river is safe to swim in.
The river is the widest in Europe.
This river is three times longer than that one.
This river is one mile across.
The water in this river is very clean.
This river abounds in trout.
It's dangerous to swim in this river.
Danger ahead.
This ticket is good for three days.
This ticket will admit two persons free.
The baby cannot use a spoon yet.
This red hat corresponds well to her dress.
Can you lift this stone?
This stone is too heavy to lift.
Can you save this seat for me?
Is this seat empty?
This blue sweater is very pretty.
This cloth irons well.
This system is bristling with defects and drawbacks.
This water has an ugly smell.
This water tastes good.
I am halfway through this detective story.
Are there any English magazines in this library?
This library has over 50,000 volumes.
Did you make this doll by yourself?
Destroy this temple.
Please fill in this application form.
This food is unhealthy.
This food does not agree with me.
This food contains all the minerals without which our bodies would not function.
Keep this information under your hat.
I guarantee that this information is correct.
This castle is more beautiful than that.
This coat is rainproof.
What stuff is this jacket made of?
This jacket is a little too big.
For how long will I continue to have these symptoms?
Who is this girl?
I have enjoyed reading this novel.
This novel is difficult to understand.
This novel is too difficult for me to read.
Who is the author of this story?
This booklet is free of charge.
This is the girl that came yesterday.
This form looks kind of complicated. Help me fill it out.
Fill out this form, please.
I don't like studying in this heat.
I would rather stay at home than go out in this hot weather.
This homework is difficult for me.
Who does the gun belong to?
This gun has a range of 300 meters.
We'll need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position.
Can you weigh this, please?
Are you free this weekend?
We have had lots of typhoons this fall.
Would you mind mailing this letter for me?
Remember to mail this letter.
Don't fail to mail this letter.
Will you mail this letter for me?
I want to have this letter registered.
Please mail this letter for me.
You may be surprised to receive this letter.
Must this letter be written in English?
This letter is wrongly addressed.
Was this letter written by Ken?
I demand an explanation for this mistake.
This kind of magazine can do harm to young people.
His victory at this age in an international competition is a good indication of a bright future.
Is this snake safe to touch?
This car isn't worth repairing.
This car is like new.
This car is the latest model.
This car is going to break down.
This car is running less smoothly than it used to.
This car handles very easily.
This car is very economical on gas.
It is expensive running this car.
I never see this picture without thinking of my father.
These pictures always remind me of the old days.
The picture reminds me of my family.
Please take a look at this picture.
The picture was taken by him.
This photograph reminds me of enjoyable times when I was a child.
Who is the girl in this picture?
It is easy to answer this question.
Can you answer this question?
Would you mind my using this dictionary?
This turkey tastes good.
I'll lend you this dictionary.
This dictionary is my sister's.
This dictionary contains about 40,000 headwords.
This dictionary is no good.
This dictionary is very expensive, but is worth buying.
The examples in this dictionary are easy to understand.
This vending machine isn't working.
Whose is this bicycle?
This car is easy to handle.
I will come earlier next time.
I will tell him about it when he comes next time.
I would like to exchange this watch with a cheaper one.
You can have this watch for nothing.
This watch is waterproof.
The clock does not run.
This clock isn't working.
This clock is electric.
This clock seems to be malfunctioning.
This watch is shock-proof.
This clock loses three minutes a day.
This watch is meant for you.
They guarantee this clock for a year.
This watch keeps correct time.
This is the time he normally arrives.
Do you know which deity this temple is dedicated to?
There must be something at the back of this matter.
I have nothing to do with this matter.
It is questionable whether this data can be relied on.
I prepared well for this examination.
This poem was originally written in French.
This poem was written last night.
The paper is too big for the envelope.
Please help me fill out this form.
It's not a pig; it's a monkey.
I don't believe the child came to Tokyo alone.
This work doesn't pay.
This work is not necessarily easy.
This job pays 10,000 yen a day.
This work is beyond me.
This job is beyond my ability.
I'll leave this work to you.
This job calls for practice.
This job doesn't pay.
This job doesn't pay.
I fear this work will take up most of my time.
I don't get enough challenge in this job.
This mountain scenery is very beautiful.
Climbing this mountain is very difficult.
Did you know that some foxes lived on this mountain?
I'll take this umbrella.
Don't throw away this magazine. I haven't read it yet.
Don't throw away this magazine.
Where did you find this wallet?
This country has a mild climate.
The population of the country is roughly estimated at 50,000,000.
This course will help you master correct pronunciation.
This factory's productive capacity is 250 cars a week.
Can we roller-skate in this park?
This word is also French in origin.
This word is derived from Greek.
This lake is the deepest in Japan.
This lake is deepest at this point.
The lake is deepest at this point.
This old book is worth 50,000 yen.
This word does not translate well.
This microscope magnifies objects by 100 times.
This dog is a mongrel.
This dog eats almost anything.
This dog was born two months ago.
This dog is the biggest in this town.
This building is near completion.
Is it all right to take pictures in this building?
It is necessary to obtain the sanction of the authorities to enter this building.
I appreciate your help in clarifying this.
How do you view this matter?
I'll talk it over with Marty and see what he thinks.
How do you feel about the issue?
In this case, I think he is correct.
This decision is final.
What do you think of this plan?
This plan requires secrecy.
This plan will be very expensive to carry out.
This plan is being discussed right now.
What is the central aim of this plan?
I know about this project for the most part.
What do you think about this plan?
This style of hat is now in fashion.
These shoes don't fit my feet.
This pair of shoes doesn't fit me.
Do you have these shoes in my size?
From the look of the sky, it may rain in the afternoon.
It is said that treasure is buried in this area.
What is the meaning of this phrase?
Let's divide this money between you and me.
Is there a post office near here?
Could you recommend a nice restaurant near here?
Is there a hospital near here?
There is a military base near here.
Is there a mall near here?
Is there a golf course near here?
This bridge was built two years ago.
This bridge looks secure.
I don't know the exact length of this bridge.
This classroom can accommodate only thirty students.
Keep this lesson in mind.
This textbook is good.
This textbook is too hard for me.
This fish is free from poison.
Is this fish still alive?
This milk won't keep till tomorrow.
It must be dangerous to swim in this rapid stream.
This measure is in accord with our policy.
I don't know what this symbol stands for.
There are some cases where the rule does not hold good.
This rule is applied to foreigners only.
This rule allows no exception.
Eggs are cheap this season.
Food goes bad easily in this season.
This train leaves at nine o'clock.
This machine is too heavy for me to carry.
This machine is easy to handle.
This machine was of great use to us all.
I think this machine is in need of repair.
Can you explain how this machine works?
Will you help me move this desk?
This desk is made of wood.
This desk takes up too much room.
This desk is mine.
This desk is a little low for me.
This desk is designed for children.
This desk is used by me.
This desk is used by Tom.
This desk is better than that one.
This desk cost me no less than 30000 yen.
This company manufactures computer chips.
We must consider the financial aspects of this project.
These toys are suitable for girls.
Thanks very much for having me to dinner the other night.
In the last typhoon, the wind blew at over 200 kilometers per hour!
I got your fax the other day.
These patients have trouble walking.
This amount includes tax.
There are more girls than boys in this school.
This school has many students.
Any student of this school must learn one more foreign language besides English.
It's been ten years since I came to this town.
When I painted this picture, I was 23 years old.
By whom was this picture painted?
This painting is worth a great deal of money.
This firm ranks second in the oil trade.
I felt like a fish out of water at this firm.
Who is the boss of this company?
Monday through Friday are work-days in this company.
The image quality is really bad - the resolution is so low.
Now that I have finished this assignment I want to go to sleep, but I have to go to school.
I'd like to send these to Japan.
I'd like to send this package to Japan.
Could you keep this luggage until 3 p.m.?
Please take care not to break this vase.
This flower is beautiful, isn't it?
These flowers bloom earlier than others do.
This flower is the most beautiful of all flowers.
This flower smells sweet.
What do you call this flower?
This flower is yellow, but all the others are blue.
Do you want any of these flowers?
It is dangerous to bathe in this river.
This song reminds me of my childhood.
This song reminds me of my childhood.
Can you sing this song?
This song is very popular in Japan.
This song was written by Foster.
This song was popular in the 1970s.
This house is not for sale.
Who owns this house?
This house belongs to my uncle.
This house must be done up.
This house is mine.
This house is mine.
This house belongs to Mr Yamada.
This house is as large again as that one.
Who is the owner of this house?
I'm going to America this summer.
How long is this pencil?
I'd like to change yen to dollars.
Nobody can see this movie without being moved.
I remember having seen this movie before.
I think it is worthwhile to see this film twice.
I am fed up with this wet weather.
How long will this rain go on?
I'm fed up with this weather.
Going out in this rain is out of the question.
Don't bother coming in this rain.
Thank you for coming all the way in this rain.
This drink is on the house.
I've been so busy this past week that I've hardly had time to relax.
This chair is made of plastic.
This chair is made of plastic.
Could you send it to this address?
This robot does whatever I say. That's a big help when I'm too tired to do anything. Not too likely, huh?
The service in this restaurant is none too fast.
This rule does not apply in all cases.
This apple is very red.
This apple tastes sour.
This is the most delicious apple.
This lamp sends out a powerful beam.
Is this radio yours?
What is the price of this radio?
How much is this racket?
This is how Scott and his men arrived at the South Pole.
Not having dealt with such a problem, they don't know what to do.
What should they do in this situation?
In hard times like this, no ordinary effort can get our company out of the red.
Mistakes like these are easily overlooked.
This message doesn't make sense.
This milk has a peculiar smell.
This damp match won't light.
Please fill this bottle with water.
This hotel has accommodations for 1000 guests.
This hotel is conveniently located in terms of public transportation.
This hotel was built last year.
You can hear the sound of the sea in this hotel room.
Are you staying at this hotel?
This hotel does not serve lunch.
This button is loose.
Whose pen is this?
This pen belongs to me.
If you want this pen, I will lend it to you.
I wonder what this phrase means.
This wine tastes good.
This wine tastes good.
There is a bit of whisky in this bottle.
I promise to return this videotape within a week.
How long is this visa good for?
This beer tastes bitter.
This beach is a paradise for surfers.
This bread is very delicious.
This rose is very beautiful.
Could you show me this bag?
This passport is valid for five years.
Does this bus go to the museum?
Does this bus go to the beach?
This bus can hold fifty people.
Is this the bus for Park Ridge?
This bus will take you to the museum.
Is this ladder strong enough to bear my weight?
Please fill this bucket with water.
There's a hole in this bucket.
The tie doesn't go with my suit.
This tie doesn't go with my suit.
How much is this tie?
This tie and that jacket go well together.
Can you answer this riddle?
This pear smells nice.
The knife is not sharp.
This knife is very sharp.
This knife won't cut well.
This tunnel is twice as long as that one.
I'd like to try on this dress.
This dress fits me very well.
That dress seems to be very expensive.
This dress cost me over 40,000 yen.
This truck transports fresh food from Aomori to Tokyo.
We have to win seven times in a row to win this tournament.
Don't open this door, please.
This door will not open.
This TV was made ten years ago and there are no parts available, so it is impossible to repair it.
This textbook is written in simple English.
This tape recorder is not new.
This table takes up too much space.
This table is made out of wood.
This table is made of wood.
This table is fine except in one respect - it will not fit into my room.
This table is just as large as ours.
Could I get you to update this data for me?
How much is the tour per person?
This diamond is not real.
This diamond ring is too extravagant for me.
Is this typewriter yours?
This sofa can seat three people easily.
Somebody has been sleeping on this sofa.
What do you think of this sweater?
Please put on these slippers.
This scarf feels soft and smooth.
The soup is thick.
This soup is too salty to eat.
There's too much salt in this soup.
Will you please help me carry this suitcase?
I'll carry this suitcase for you.
How much is the monthly fee of this swimming school?
This juice tastes sour.
I don't like this shirt. Show me another.
Whose shirt is this?
This shirt doesn't go with that tie at all.
This shirt costs ten dollars.
Put this jacket on, and you'll be much warmer.
Can I try on this jacket?
I don't like this jacket.
Is this jacket right for me?
This jacket sets well.
This jacket is a tight fit.
Do you have this jacket in different colors?
This blot can't be wiped out.
This zipper doesn't zip smoothly.
The stew smells delicious.
This system has obvious defects.
This salad tastes of lemon.
This size is too large for me.
Please call this lady a taxi.
This computer runs on batteries.
Please keep this a secret.
I filled this glass with milk.
The address on this parcel is wrong.
This coffee is too strong for me.
Could you put this coat somewhere?
This coat is nice, but too expensive.
This coat hasn't pockets.
We need flour, sugar and eggs to make this cake.
The cake tastes divine!
There are fifty members in this club.
This class is made up of thirty-five pupils.
The average height of the girls in class is over 155 centimeters.
How many boys are there in this class?
This class consists of 15 boys and 28 girls.
This rule doesn't apply to every case.
Is this ticket good for this bus?
I don't like this camera.
This camera was made in Germany.
How much is this camera?
This bag is mine.
He came to that which was his own, but his own did not receive him.
This is the doctor whom I spoke of last night.
Please pay at this counter.
This carpet is superior to that one in quality.
When was this temple built?
There is too much acid in this orange.
This toy car runs on batteries.
I don't know how much this motorcycle is.
This whisky is too strong.
This chair is very comfortable.
This chair is very comfortable.
I feel quite at ease when I sit in this chair.
Telephone booths are as scarce as hen's teeth around here.
Is there a post office around here?
Do you know of any good restaurant near here?
I think it's somewhere around here.
I lost my key about here.
This T-shirt is too small for me.
I bought this T-shirt on sale.
This science fiction story seems interesting. Will you lend it to me when you have finished reading it?
May I borrow this CD?
These three pretty girls are all nieces of mine.
I haven't had time to do the dishes for two days; they are in a pile in the kitchen sink.
Who wrote these two letters?
My father will possibly come on the next train.
Maybe you'd better come with us.
The glass is full of milk.
There isn't any milk in the glass.
Will you please hold this edge?
This is my daughter.
This one is prettier.
Could you sign here, please?
Of course you'll catch a cold if you fall asleep under the kotatsu. You have to learn to take care of yourself.
It's been pouring here for the last few days.
Prices have gone up these three months.
Prices have gone up these three months.
We've been having strange weather the past few years.
Open up your mind.
Let's take a 10-minute break.
I am here on business.
It is quiet here at night.
Koko is not an ordinary gorilla.
This is a hospital.
This is the house in which she used to live.
The soil here is fertile.
Parking is prohibited here.
This is the site of a castle.
This is the church where we got married.
This is the best restaurant that I know.
This is where I was born and brought up.
This place isn't convenient to public transportation.
The air is bad here. Will you open the window?
What's the name of this street, please?
It is very cold here.
It's warm here all the year round.
These people hate all foreigners.
What are the points of interest here?
How many cats are there in this house?
Houses here are double the price of those in Kobe.
Life has been so flat since I came here.
How long have you been here?
Here is a basket full of vegetables.
Here is a book.
Does anyone here speak Japanese?
Draw a straight line here.
Could I park my car here?
Write it down here, please.
How long have you lived here?
Not everyone who lives here is rich.
Here is a pan without handles.
It's illegal to park your car here.
Here is a photograph of my family.
Here is the book you are looking for.
Here is your dog. Where is mine?
May I put it down here?
This is a historic city.
There are no less than five hundred students here.
There are no less than five hundred students here.
There's no one but me here.
There used to be a prison here.
This place has everything.
Here's a big map of Germany.
She has had to stay here.
Could you sign here?
Don't throw trash here.
Let's put up the Christmas tree here.
Here's the map you are looking for.
Don't play baseball here.
Let's meet here again tomorrow.
The point we must clarify here is that the lines between amateur and professional in sport are beginning to disappear.
We had better go home rather than wait here.
A lot of soldiers were killed here.
Wine made here is very famous.
Are we allowed to take pictures here?
Can I take pictures here?
Would you mind me smoking here?
Let's get off here.
It was nice meeting you here.
Let's take a break now.
Do I have to take off my shoes here?
What are you doing here?
It is dangerous to swim here.
Do you mind my smoking here?
Watch out for thieves around here.
Don't run here.
You are not supposed to smoke here.
Fish is sold by the pound here.
You have to speak English here.
We can enjoy skiing here all the year round.
Beware of pickpockets here.
They serve excellent food here.
I am happy to see you here.
This is just between you and me.
Between you and me, the fat ugly man is on a diet.
Between you and me, what is your opinion of her?
Between you and me, he's in trouble with the boss.
Between you and me, he's a shallow thinker.
This is just between you and me, he is a big eater.
Between you and me, he cannot be relied upon.
Between you and me, he is rather stupid.
Between you and me, I think our boss is stupid.
Between you and me, I don't like our new team captain.
Between you and me, Tom's idea doesn't appeal to me very much.
This is the house in which the prime minister lives.
How far is it from here to the museum?
It is far from here to Tokyo.
How long do you think it takes to go from here to Tokyo?
How far is it to the library from here?
How far is it from here to Ueno?
How far is it from here to Ueno?
Get out of here.
It's about a ten-minute drive from here.
It is two miles from here to the park.
How far is it from here to your house?
We can hear the ocean from here.
How far is it from here to the sea?
How long does it take to walk from here to the station?
Where is the nearest subway station?
It's eight miles from here to London.
How long does it take to go from here to the Hilton Hotel?
It is a nice view from here.
How far is it from here?
It is an hour's drive from here to there.
Sydney is far from here.
This is Uncle Tom's farm.
This is the place where the incident happened.
This is the coffee shop I first met my wife in.
This is the place where the battle of Hastings took place.
This is the place where the battle took place.
It has been the driest June for thirty years.
As a rule of thumb, you should plan on one pound of beef for every two guests.
Go and buy three bottles of coke.
I'd like my coffee after the meal.
Would you like to have some coffee?
Will you have some coffee?
A cup of coffee relieved me of my headache.
Would you like a cup of coffee?
Would you care for more coffee?
Please give me some more coffee.
I'd like to have another cup of coffee.
Could I have a cup of coffee?
Please bring us two cups of coffee.
How about another cup of coffee?
I'm afraid there isn't any coffee left.
I'm afraid there isn't any coffee left.
Coffee does harm to your stomach.
Coffee does harm to your stomach.
How do you like your coffee? Strong and black?
I don't care much for coffee.
The coffee enabled me to stay awake during the dull concert.
I put some cream in my coffee.
Would you like some cream in your coffee?
Where is the coffee shop?
Coffee ends a meal.
Won't you have some coffee?
Gordon is interested in the Japanese way of life.
You should put your coat on.
Hang up your coat, please.
The coach considers Bob a good player.
This is how I made the machine.
This is how he killed the big bear.
These books are not fit for young readers.
Such manuals should be written in simpler language.
As such is the case, I am sorry I can't accept your kind invitation.
This is the reason why I came here.
Am I correct in thinking thus?
All these things serve to add to our happiness.
One side of a coin is called 'heads' and the other side is called 'tails'.
Let's toss up for it.
Koalas can only be seen in Australia.
What's Ken doing now?
Both Ken and Meg are my friends.
The train for Cambridge leaves from Platform 5.
Ken stopped talking and began to eat.
Ken calls me every day.
Ken goes swimming day after day.
Ken makes his own bed every morning.
Ken jumped over the wall.
Ken put on his clothes.
Ken bought a fine wine for his father on his birthday.
Ken learned many Japanese songs by heart.
Ken will be at home until noon.
Ken cried for help.
Ken wasn't running.
Ken wants a bicycle.
Ken painted his bicycle white.
Ken studied English last night.
Was Ken at home yesterday?
Ken is happy.
Ken collects old coins.
Ken has more books than you.
Ken took the wrong bus by mistake.
Ken met her on his way home.
What is Ken eating?
Ken is good at swimming.
Ken seems to have a terrible cold.
Ken has never been to New York.
Ken goes to school by bus.
How long has Ken lived in Kobe?
Ken beat me at chess.
Ken was fined 7,000 yen for speeding.
Ken put his shirt on inside out.
Ken is busy this afternoon.
Ken likes camping.
Ken has a guitar.
Ken runs faster than you.
Ken is going to the United States at the end of July.
Ken is older than Seiko.
Ken must be home by now.
Ken has arrived in Kyoto.
The girl walking with Ken is May.
Did you have a fight with Ken?
Ken climbed down from the tree.
Ken stands on the diving board.
It is strange for Ken not to agree with us.
It is strange for Ken not to agree with us.
Ken has been looking for you.
Kelly carries the news department.
Kelly cut physical education and went home.
Kelly will appear on TV.
Kenya used to be a British colony.
I'm by no means angry with you.
My grandmother posted the letter this morning.
It was raining heavily when I got up this morning.
The train was late this morning.
I don't feel like taking a walk this morning.
Did you have to get up very early this morning?
You are very early this morning.
I got up at six-thirty this morning.
Nobody was injured.
Though wounded, they continued to fight.
Please show me your injured arm.
How did you feel about the game?
From childhood I dreamed of being a pastry cook.
From childhood I dreamed of being a pastry cook.
It is no use looking for the cake; I already ate it.
Do not eat too much cake.
You have already eaten the cake.
Would you care for some more cake?
Would you care for some more cake?
How about another piece of cake?
Kate has a cold.
Kate must be sick, for she looks pale.
Kate can hardly speak Chinese.
Kate keeps a dog.
Kate is looked up to by everybody.
Kate made her family leave home.
Kate listened to the radio all day.
Hasn't Kate arrived yet?
Kate hardly ever celebrates her birthday.
Kate came home by bus.
Kate speaks English very fast.
Kate glanced at Chris and then ignored him, making him feel miserable.
Kate knows how to make a cake.
Kate got some money from her father.
Kate is not as tall as Anne.
Kate made an apple pie.
Kate's father walks home from the station.
Kate's voice is clearly different from the other girls'.
There's a Mr Kay wants to see you.
It makes sense to pay off your credit card balance every month.
I'd like to pay by credit card.
Grace has not come yet.
Would you like some more gravy?
Graham Greene is my favorite author.
Clint Eastwood was elected mayor of Carmel.
Christmas is a special holiday.
We stayed in Hawaii over Christmas.
Can I reserve a seat to Hawaii for Christmas?
What did you get for Christmas?
What do you want for Christmas, Jenny?
With the approach of Christmas, business improved somewhat.
I wish you a Merry Christmas.
Chris didn't have a car.
Christine stayed in the shade all day, because she didn't want to get a sunburn.
Please pick up my dry cleaning.
There are 50 members in the club.
Will you join our club?
To control a class calls for all your skills as a teacher.
Some classmates saw me give him chocolate.
Some classmates saw me give him chocolate.
All the boys in class worked hard.
Everyone in the class climbed the hill.
I like classical music.
Do you have any information on classical music concerts?
Miss Klein gives a test every Friday.
Dr. Klein recommended you to me.
Clive wants to be an electronic engineer.
It's getting cloudy. It may rain soon.
Kumi is the girl whose father likes dogs.
Kumiko is as tall as Tom.
Kumiko runs as fast as Tom.
I had a good night's sleep.
Cookie's mother died of cancer.
Reduce to pulp by boiling.
Let's draw lots to decide who goes first.
Whales are said to have lived on land long ago.
A nail penetrated the car tyre.
The air conditioner has got out of order.
Kuala Lumpur is worth visiting.
Rev. King and his supporters were threatened.
Mr Gilmore is so well-known as to need no introduction.
The Greeks used to worship several gods.
I cannot give you a definite answer today.
Today is Sunday.
The eight o'clock bus was early today.
Could you put my name on the waiting list?
Carol will visit Miami next month.
Carol gets up early every morning.
Carol visited Boston last month.
Carol studies very hard. So does Henry.
Carol often watches horror movies.
Carol returned to her hotel.
Carol has just returned to her hotel.
Carol is studying Spanish.
Carol lives in Chicago.
The price of cabbage fell because of overproduction.
Cabbage can be eaten raw.
Cathy, please stay out of my way for a while.
Did Cathy go, too?
Cathy can speak French and German.
Kim and I are the same age.
Do you believe in ghosts?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Can you really not swim?
You make me happy.
You are my sunshine.
You can keep this dictionary if necessary.
You look tired.
You should apologize for your rudeness.
Were you at home yesterday?
Have you ever been to Nara?
You have to polish your English.
You may get a serious disease.
You needn't have bought that book.
I am ashamed of your despicable deed.
Anyway, you'll never know.
Are you all ready?
I know that you did your best.
Wherever you go, I will follow you.
Where did you go yesterday?
I had to attend two meetings yesterday, and there was no time to have lunch between.
There was a car accident yesterday.
I caught three fish yesterday.
It rained yesterday.
I slept all day yesterday, because it was Sunday.
I enjoyed watching TV yesterday.
Where is the ticket window?
A fox is a wild animal.
The fox hid in the hollow tree.
I think we can be friends.
I bet he will get mad.
I bet he doesn't make it.
He must love you.
It's going to rain, for sure.
I'll miss you so much.
Be sure to come at 3.
Can you play the guitar?
The boy playing the guitar is Ken.
Who is playing the guitar?
Will you tell me how to play the guitar?
I want a guitar.
Keeton put magnets on the heads of his pigeons.
He got married to Ann last month.
Cancer can be cured easily if it is found in its first phase.
Cancer is a great enemy of humanity.
The poor girl went blind.
Karen is angry with me.
Karen bought a lot of things at the flea market.
Where are you from, Karen?
He may well be fired.
Carlos waited a moment.
Carlos climbed the mountain.
They grow oranges in California.
California is about as large as Japan.
California and Nevada border on each other.
Gulliver traveled in quest of adventure.
I ache all over.
Glass breaks easily.
They looked at the rubbish, then they looked at each other.
Karaoke is good for reducing stress.
I should've brought my camera.
Do you have a camera?
There's no point in taking a camera.
Don't forget to take a camera with you.
Watch my camera for me.
Are you bringing your camera?
The camera was essential for me.
My wife's trying to sleep.
A cafeteria is a self-service style restaurant.
I'd like to work at the cafeteria.
Moths are attracted by light.
I do not know when she will come back.
Quite a few students are absent today.
Quite a few students played truant from school.
Not a few houses were destroyed by the typhoon.
Quite a few Americans like sushi.
It's pretty cold.
Is it serious?
A good many people were there.
A honeymoon in Canada costs a lot of money.
Canada is larger than Japan.
Canada is to the north of the United States.
Canada is on the north side of America.
Canada is on the north side of America.
Have you ever been to Canada?
Do they speak French in Canada?
Both French and English are spoken in Canada.
The Catholic Church is opposed to divorce.
At one time they lived in Nagoya.
There used to be a bridge here.
You used to be able to see the church from here.
I like the way you walk.
Take care not to catch a cold.
Turn off the gas.
Kazu likes sports very much.
Do you cook by gas or electricity?
Do you cook by gas or electricity?
Do you cook by gas or electricity?
There are some apples in the basket.
There is a basket under the table.
Traffic was blocked by a landslide.
Would you help me look for my keys?
A couch potato is something that I don't want to be.
The room looks different after I've changed the curtains.
When I opened the curtains, it was snowing.
Let's hide behind the curtain.
Who is hiding behind the curtain?
Curtains and carpets were renewed.
The curtains make this room beautiful.
Excuse me for interrupting you, but would you mind opening the window?
Excuse me for interrupting you.
Don't mention it.
Don't mention it.
I wish I could help you.
I'm looking forward to seeing you.
I hope to see you.
I am honored to meet you.
Good to see you.
How do you spell your name?
Please tell me your name and telephone number.
Just give me your name and address.
I didn't get your name.
Unconsciously my mom took hold of the chair.
Is your mother at home?
Because my mother is sick, my father will cook today.
The boy opened the window, although his mother told him not to.
You mustn't answer your mother back when she scolds you.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
I look forward to hearing from you.
I'm extremely embarrassed that it has taken so long to reply.
Excuse me for not having answered your letter sooner.
Thanks for your reply.
I gave her a doll in return.
I'm getting hungry.
I'm starved.
My stomach is growling.
My stomach is full.
The bath is ready.
It's time to take a bath.
When I was taking a bath, the telephone rang.
There is nothing as relaxing as lying in a hot bath.
Dad is a hard worker.
Dad bought me a camera.
Dad bought me a camera.
Does your father get home early?
My father runs a restaurant.
My father was lying down while watching TV.
When did your father come home?
Does Father know you've broken his watch?
What does your father do?
Ask your dad to help you.
Say hello to your father for me.
My wishes for your father's rapid recovery.
My father helped me with my homework.
Father took us to the zoo yesterday.
When Dad came home, I was watching TV.
Old people get up very early.
Keep these seats for the elderly.
Boil some water.
They not only washed off the sweat, dirt and cares of the day in the hot water, but also enjoyed gossiping about everyday affairs.
Please tell her to call me back.
How is the weather?
Will you have time to have lunch with me?
Lunch is on.
I'd like some tea, please.
It's about time you got the tea ready.
Come and have tea with me.
Let's talk over a cup of tea, shall we?
Would you like to have a cup of tea?
Won't you have some more tea?
Would you like another cup of tea?
Would you like another cup of tea?
Tea was introduced from China.
Would you like tea or coffee?
Would you like tea or coffee?
Which do you prefer, tea or coffee?
Which would you rather have, tea or coffee?
Please let us know.
Happy birthday to you!
Happy birthday to you!
How do you heat the house?
Your dog is very big.
Your dog is very big.
How is it going with your family?
Let me take you home.
I am surprised that your family has a Japanese car.
Don't talk about it in my mother's presence.
Would you like to wait?
Thank you for your patience.
Take care of yourself.
Did you get the package I sent you?
I will sue you.
I think you'll like it too.
Don't scatter your things about.
She sets your world alight.
Your soul has been condemned to hell.
I can wait for you.
I'm counting on you.
You are drunk!
Good-bye!
It has always been a pleasure to work with you.
Could you bring me some water?
Could you bring me some water?
Could I get some water, please?
I'd like a doll, a new bicycle.....and peace on earth!
No gratuity accepted.
Can I drink alcohol?
The minute I have something to drink, I turn bright red.
Do you drink alcohol?
Let me help you.
It's very kind of you to help me.
Thank you for your assistance.
I'm sorry to bother you.
I hope I'm not disturbing you.
Do you have some time?
How old are your children?
Please let me pick up your sister at the station.
I feel very sorry for your sister.
I feel very sorry for your sister.
The date of the festival coincides with that of the exam.
Do you want to sit down?
Do you want to sit down?
Behave yourself.
Watch yourself.
My clothes have an oily smell because I ate at an okonomiyaki place.
Add salt and pepper to taste.
Help yourself to whatever you like.
Help yourself to whatever you like.
Sit wherever you like.
They are bitter enemies.
Can we effect a compromise?
It seems we are in the same boat.
I'm sure people ask you this question all the time, but it's all that comes to mind right now.
Can your brother drive a car?
Your brother got married, didn't he?
He wants the money.
I can't lend you any money.
Would you lend me some money?
Give me a little money.
We should not make too much of money.
I have a lot of money.
If you have any money, please lend me some.
Can I borrow some money from you?
Lend money only to such as will repay it.
There was scarcely any money left.
How much money do you have?
Money answers all things.
Money takes a long time to earn, but you can spend it in no time.
Do you have any money with you?
Had I had enough money, I would have bought that computer.
I'm glad to know you.
We have a parking lot for the customers.
Sir, you have left your lighter on the table.
Don't forget to take your umbrella when you leave.
Come on! Give me a chance.
Your face is familiar to me.
I'm afraid you have the wrong number.
Here is your bill.
Please take your seat.
I'm very happy to meet you.
It was a pleasure to meet you.
Pass me the salt.
Could you please pass me the salt?
Do you want something to drink?
Do you want something to drink?
I'd like to say yes, but...
Let's begin at the last line but one.
I prefer apples to oranges.
Oranges grow in warm countries.
Oranges contain a lot of vitamin C.
Oranges contain a lot of vitamin C.
Oranges are rich in vitamin C.
Two glasses of orange juice, please.
You're barking up the wrong tree.
I don't see anything.
Mr. Brown, a friend from Oregon, will visit us tomorrow.
I farted in class and the teacher threw me out.
In Olympic competitions, a gold medal is for first place, a silver medal for second, and a bronze medal is for third place.
You should free those animals from the cage.
We'd like to order 18 tonnes of olive oil.
Dutch is closely related to German.
I had never seen a windmill until I visited the Netherlands.
Oh, you are early this morning.
It's really different from what I expected.
The toy department is on the fifth floor.
I will make a man of you.
What are you eyeing?
We arrived at the office on time.
Good morning. It's time to wake up.
Good morning, Mike.
My aunt brought me some flowers.
My aunt sent me a birthday present.
My aunt gave me a camera.
It's self-evident.
I have a stomachache.
He departed for London the day before yesterday.
Dad! Mom! I have some great news for you!
You gave me the wrong change.
What you said does not make sense.
I think what you say is true.
I think what you say is true.
When did you graduate from Oxford?
I'm afraid she may have the mumps.
The chances are he's already heard the news.
Maybe you'll succeed.
To make an excuse for having stayed out late.
What would you recommend we eat?
I stand corrected.
Stop talking and listen to me.
Cut the chit-chat and get to work.
My uncle gave me a book.
My uncle gave me a present.
My uncle lives near the school.
My uncle has a flower shop near the station.
My uncle gave me the watch.
My uncle lives in Madrid, the capital of Spain.
Did your uncle let you drive his car?
My uncle gave me a camera.
My grandfather is five times as old as I am.
I take care of my grandfather.
Pride goes before a fall.
Pride goes before a fall.
I did nothing out of the ordinary.
I did nothing out of the ordinary.
Thank you very much for your help.
The aurora is a phenomenon characteristic of the polar regions.
On the whole, the event was successful.
Why don't you have your motorcycle fixed up?
It's fun to ride a motorcycle.
I wish I could buy a motorcycle.
Where in Austria did you grow up?
Don't confuse Austria with Australia.
Australia is about twenty times as large as Japan.
Where in Australia did you grow up?
English is spoken in Australia.
English is spoken in Australia.
Parrots imitate human speech.
A parrot can mimic a person's voice.
Thank you for the wonderful dinner.
Hey, you! What are you doing?
Ellen likes to play tennis, too.
Ellen does not speak English.
Ellen was so tired that she went to bed early.
You may not smoke in the elevator.
Where is the elevator?
I smell smoke in the elevator.
I smell smoke in the elevator.
Iron the inside of collars first, and then the outside.
Eric is on our soccer team.
Queen Elizabeth I passed away in 1603.
Emily ate tofu at dinner.
Emi looks happy.
Emi will study English.
Emi ordered herself a new dress.
Evan is just a little boy. How should he know what to do?
Let me see.
Edison invented the electric lamp.
Edison invented many useful things.
Edison was not a bright student.
Yeah. I think so, too.
What? It's only eleven? We still have an hour to go before lunch.
Yes, he's almost as tall as I am.
Yes, orange juice, please.
Amy made an effort to stand up.
Amy walks to the station every morning.
Amy worked in the yard last Saturday.
Amy wants something new to wear.
Where do the airport buses leave from?
I want a compact car with an air conditioner.
The air conditioner doesn't work.
Without an air conditioner, people nowadays cannot live.
He had no luck in finding work.
He had no luck in finding work.
I wish I had much money.
The rumor proved to be true.
Please wish me luck.
Words fail me.
I can produce several pieces a day if I'm lucky.
Mrs. Wood was a very good cook.
Mrs. Wood was a very good cook.
Mr Wood had no sons.
Mr Wood came into the field.
A slip of the tongue often brings about unexpected results.
My family goes skiing every winter.
My mother is active.
My mother is certain to say no.
Our garden was full of weeds.
My boy can't do addition properly yet.
Every dog is a lion at home.
Our teacher is always on time for class.
Our car is equipped with air conditioning.
Our baby cannot talk yet.
We call our dog Johnnie.
There is a big supermarket in my neighborhood.
Our cow doesn't give us any milk.
My grandmother lives by herself.
Won't you come over to my place?
We have three dogs, one white and two black.
We have breakfast in the kitchen.
She lives a block away and her name is Susan.
Don't tell lies.
Is it always a sin to tell a lie?
Rabbits like to eat carrots.
The hare was outdistanced by the tortoise.
The ears of a rabbit are longer than those of a fox.
A hare raced with a tortoise.
Mrs. West is busy getting breakfast ready.
In Wales we have a proverb.
Waiter, I'd like to order.
No, thank you. I'm full.
Hmm. I have a feeling I'm going to get lost whichever road I take.
The value of the dollar declines as the rate of inflation rises.
I caught the flu.
India is the seventh largest country in the world.
What is the population of India?
India gained independence from Britain in 1947.
The Intel people are lucky to have you!
There really is such a thing as Internet addiction.
The Internet is an invaluable source of information.
After all his efforts, he also failed this time.
Due to a number of unfortunate causes, one-parent families are on the increase.
We can consider the problem from several standpoints.
Thank you very much for everything.
A dolphin is a kind of mammal.
A dolphin is a mammal.
The dolphin is a very intelligent animal.
No more, thank you. I'm full.
No, no, that's okay.
No, I think he just does those things because he wants to please his wife.
Butterflies of this species are now extinct.
Don't forget that good jobs are very hard to come by these days.
Father has now got a superior position in his office.
I have heard nothing from him yet.
It's too late now.
No matter how much you hurry your effort is just a drop in the bucket.
It's no use regretting it now.
It is no use blaming him for the accident now.
I am coming.
It is just noon.
We postponed the event.
The dog growled at the strange man.
The missing cat has not been found yet.
When did you get back from your trip?
You will find him home whenever you call.
Whenever you come, you are welcome.
When are you coming back?
When did you see her?
When do you plan to leave for Japan?
When do you work?
Whenever I call, he is out.
Nobody knows when the earthquake will occur.
War may break out at any moment.
Nobody can foresee when the war will end.
When were you born?
When will it suit you to start?
Tell me when to start.
When to start is the main problem.
Please inform me when to start.
When will you get ready to leave?
When will you leave?
When will you leave?
When did you change your address?
When will they arrive?
When did you graduate from high school?
Please tell me when to go.
When do you want to go?
When was it built?
When are you going to leave for London?
When did you get back from London?
When are you going to Europe?
Tell me when to stop.
What do you usually do after dinner?
You must always tell the truth.
He is always laughing.
To be always honest is not easy.
Always be true to yourself.
I always study hard.
I arrived later than usual.
As usual the peasants are busy scattering grain seeds.
Fasten your seat belt at all times.
I regularly go to bed at nine.
How long are you staying in Japan?
How long will you be staying here?
I will love you forever.
I wish you a long and happy married life.
How soon do you need it?
We're ready to leave.
Any time will suit me.
You can borrow my car anytime.
You may always use my dictionary.
Come on any day you like.
Come and see me whenever you like.
Come to my house whenever you like.
Please come whenever you like.
I'll see you whenever it suits you.
You can use this computer any time.
You cannot separate the milk from the coffee once you put it in.
Once you have begun to do something, never give up.
Can anyone believe you?
How dare you speak to me like that!
When did you buy it?
Why don't we have lunch together?
When would it be convenient for you?
Some day you will come to realize the importance of saving.
I'd like to visit your country someday.
He will be sorry for it some day.
When will you go out?
Strawberries are in season now.
Where did you pick up your Italian?
The capital of Italy is Rome.
You can stay here as long as you like.
Get me a chair, please.
Move the chair nearer to the desk.
Bring a couple more chairs.
In any case, I did my duty.
At any rate I will go out when it stops raining.
At any rate, we have no means of helping him.
Eventually I'd like to settle down and have a family, but not yet.
My resolution dissolved at the last moment.
You cannot be too careful in crossing a street.
I always enjoy listening to classical music when I have some free time.
May I ask some questions?
England is proud of her poets.
An Englishman would not use such a word.
British English differs from American English in many ways.
In British English, "to get the sack" means to be fired from your job.
The climate of England is similar to that of Hokkaido.
While in England I often consulted the guidebook.
The weather changes very often in England.
They drive on the left in England.
In Britain a truck is referred to as a lorry.
I come from England.
The voyage from England to India used to take 6 months.
It's very important to know how to let off steam, living in this world.
No student is allowed to enter the room.
Under no circumstances must you leave the room.
No, thank you. I'm so full.
Jesus was born of Mary.
Jesus was born of Mary.
Jesus was born of Mary.
When he saw Jesus passing by, he said...
To say is one thing, and to do quite another.
Did you buy a nice bicycle?
It seems to be becoming hard to get a good job.
A good idea came into my mind.
Do you know a good restaurant?
Happy Easter!
That's a nice coat.
Did you have a nice Christmas?
I bought a good camera.
It's a beautiful day, isn't it?
No, thank you. I'm just looking.
No, thank you. I'm just looking around.
No, thank you. I've had enough.
No, not too much.
I made Ann my secretary.
Ann often plays tennis after school.
Ann is a little girl.
Ann likes to write poems.
Anne will not come to our party.
Ann gave me this present.
Ann can't find a job.
Ann was in a hurry this morning.
Ann wrote something on the blackboard.
Ann came downstairs.
Ann likes music very much.
Anne accepted Henry's proposal.
Ann will not come to our party.
Ann plays tennis very well.
Ann is a cheerleader.
Ann finished painting the picture.
I think Ann loves Jack.
I wonder when Anne will come.
Ann always keeps her room clean.
Be nice to Ann.
I must apologize to Ann.
Ann had no friends to play with.
Anne has many admirers.
I'm sorry I was so rude.
I can't bear the sight of him.
How did you come to know such a wonderful girl?
How foolish I was not to discover that simple lie!
It's unlike him to get so angry.
With all her merits she was not proud.
Never have I seen such a big whale.
Andersen was afraid of dogs, too.
Andy is never late for a date.
Andy must have practiced very hard.
Andy is master of French and German.
If you dress like that at your age, you'll make a fool of yourself.
Being written in great haste, this letter has quite a few mistakes.
What's that?
Nothing can be worse than that.
Can I see that one?
Those are their books.
What do you think of those Japanese writers?
Those photos are hers.
Those houses are 500 years old.
Those apples are big.
Those dogs are big.
That's the man who lives next door.
Is that a picture of me?
That is his car.
That is a pagoda.
Whose book is that?
That is our school.
That is my sister's camera.
This is my dog.
That was my mistake.
That's our house.
That was the most interesting novel that I had ever read.
That is a high building, is it not?
That was a valuable experience.
What is the name of that river?
What is the name of that river?
That is a pencil.
Is that a cat?
That is not a tiger.
That is just what I wanted.
That is your book.
How many cars does Alex have?
That is mine.
Just because a certain book does not interest readers does not mean that the fault lies in the book.
I'm working for a trading firm.
One night he came home very tired and sad.
One day she met a wolf in the woods.
One day, Natsume Soseki was lost in London.
One day, the police raided a whole group of prostitutes, and the girl was among them.
One of the children asked one day: "Where do babies come from?"
I agree with what you say to some extent.
I agree with you to some extent.
A math teacher says, "With a calculator, the child can reach the right answer, but have no idea at all how he got there."
One man's meat is another man's poison.
A woman brought an old picture of her dead husband, wearing a hat, to the photographer.
A woman brought an old picture of her dead husband, wearing a hat, to the photographer.
A girl phoned me.
I got hurt during an experiment, and the injury was pretty serious.
The best way to know what a country is like is to go and see it with your own eyes.
The manners and customs of a country reflect its culture.
An idea came to me.
On a rainy morning he left his house early so as to be in time for school.
In a way you are right, but I still have doubts.
How many letters are there in the alphabet?
Will you show me your photo album?
I'll have to find a part-time job.
The amount of time someone is willing to spend on something may communicate how important it is to him.
Don't drink any alcohol.
Alcohol consumption is increasing every year.
Alice wasn't listening to her sister.
Alice smiled.
Alice may possibly come.
Alice didn't see the dog.
Alice has had a cold since last Sunday.
Alice went to bed at ten.
Alice, not knowing where to find the book, asked her mother where it was.
Alice might have been there yesterday, but we didn't see her.
You might at least say "thank you."
Thanks. Maybe we'll come back.
Thank you, I've had enough.
Ah, we have run short of sugar.
Alan Tate and I looked at one another for a while.
It is essential that every child have the same educational opportunities.
You should avail yourself of every opportunity.
We tried all means possible.
I have looked everywhere, but I can not find my wallet.
Arabic is a very important language.
Arabia abounds in oil.
The storm abated.
Please let me know the schedule beforehand.
She fumbled with a piece of paper.
Aya has good reason to speak perfect German.
Born in America, Taro speaks good English.
He doesn't seem to be an American.
The United States is a republic.
There are fifty states in the United States.
A trip to America was equivalent to a two-year salary for her.
America did away with slavery.
America abounds in oil.
America likes to claim that it is a "classless" society.
America is ahead in space technology.
America is a country of immigrants.
The United States borders Canada.
America did away with slavery in 1863.
America was discovered by Columbus in 1492.
Many criminals in America are addicted to drugs.
When applying to American universities, your TOEFL score is only one factor.
The death penalty had been done away with in many states in the USA.
American women didn't have the right to vote.
What is the capital of the United States?
American children grow up hearing those words.
U.S. companies are working to find a niche in the Japanese economy.
In U.S. bakeries, a "baker's dozen" is 13, not 12.
He told me he was going to America.
In America cars drive on the right side of the road.
In the United States the automobile is a necessity and not a luxury.
In the U.S., most people can vote when they reach eighteen years of age.
In the U.S., you have the option, when you enter a restaurant, to sit in the smoking or non-smoking section.
It wasn't a very interesting novel.
I felt so sleepy that I could hardly keep my eyes open.
Don't take things so seriously.
I don't see much of him.
I hope we don't have to wait for too long.
Don't rely too much on others.
Don't worry too much, or you'll go bald.
It is dangerous to drink too much.
I don't have much time.
I would like a less expensive double room.
It seems that you are not having a good time here.
It's too dark to play baseball now.
It's too dark to play tennis now.
She was not a very good pianist.
So friendly was his letter that she was deeply moved and began to cry.
You have changed so much that I can hardly recognize you.
You shouldn't eat too much candy.
The Amazon is the second longest river in the world after the Nile.
Africa was once called the Dark Continent.
Have you ever been to Africa?
Many children die of starvation in Africa.
It looks like a duck.
Did you rent an apartment?
Who is that old woman?
She looks pretty no matter what she wears.
I'll keep that book for myself.
That book is a new book.
What did you do with those books?
I am very pleased to meet them.
Look at that lovely house of Mary's.
How huge that airship is!
If I had taken that plane, I would be dead now.
That box is made of wood.
That box is too small to hold all these things.
That white building is a hospital.
That tall man is Mr Smith.
Those two are exactly alike.
It looks like they have made up again.
Are those two going out?
Seen from a plane, that island is very beautiful.
There were no hats in that store that fit me.
That store sells newspapers and magazines.
Do they sell notebooks at that store?
Who is that man?
Who is that man?
We believe he will succeed, for he has talent.
That man knows how to get on the president's good side.
I can't make out what the man is saying.
Everyone is anxious to know what has become of the former champion.
That river is dangerous to swim in.
Look at that mountain which is covered with snow.
That red sweater looks good on you.
You can't count on their help.
He's going to have a heart attack.
Is she all right?
He is hard to deal with.
He is our boss, and must be treated as such.
I know him by name, but not by sight.
He must be Tom's brother.
He doesn't have long to live.
He doesn't have long to live.
Will he be able to come tomorrow?
He had the impudence to cut across our garden.
Her daughter is bad at cooking.
I'm not about to ask him.
Do you know if he has a girlfriend?
I suggest that you should write him a thank-you letter.
I am sick and tired of him.
They say that I'm an old woman.
Their baby is able to walk already.
Their trouble stems from a trifling matter.
Will you help me give out the programs to those people?
It was rather easy for them.
May they live long!
What happened to him?
That boy has good brains.
That boy is running.
That boy is running.
The lady really flipped out when she learned she had won a million dollars.
That girl is arrogant because of her beauty.
That girl is arrogant because of her beauty.
Those young men are independent of their parents.
That young man is very keen on cycling.
That young man is our teacher.
That car is the most beautiful of the three.
The president is difficult to approach.
At the time I managed to make myself understood in English.
If she had married you, she would be happy now.
She was named Kate after her mother.
That child can count to twenty.
The job offer still stands.
Look at that mountain.
That mountain is covered with snow.
The mountain used to send out clouds of smoke.
We are going to climb that mountain.
Is that black bag yours?
There seems no need to help that country.
That country abounds in oil.
Look at that tall building.
That fox must have killed the hen.
Those old laws were all done away with.
They say that old house is haunted.
That dog runs very fast.
That building is our school.
That architect builds very modern houses.
The matter has not been settled yet.
The bank was held up a week ago.
That bridge isn't long.
That bridge is very beautiful.
That textbook is out of date.
That comic's jokes are all old hat and we've heard them before.
That nurse is very kind and polite.
That bag is mine.
I want that bag.
That painting is a masterpiece of impressionist art.
That gray building?
That company hires people without regard to race, religion, or nationality.
Have you ever heard that song sung in French?
Look at that house.
That house belongs to him.
That house is big.
That house is big.
That house is very small.
The house is haunted.
Two families live in that house.
There appears to be a party in that house.
What was that noise?
Look at that smoke. That building must be on fire.
Look at that smoke.
That movie is worth seeing.
This movie is worth seeing again.
That movie was really moving.
That cloud is in the shape of a fish.
They give good service at that restaurant.
I don't recommend eating in that restaurant. The food is awful.
That hotel was established about 50 years ago.
Who is the woman dressed in pink?
There's a great view from the rooftop of that building. Want to go see?
I suspect they water down the beer in that pub.
That bus will take you to the zoo.
Whose notebook is that?
The woman to whom you were talking is my sister.
I asked for a table over there.
If you go to that supermarket, you can buy most things you use in your daily life.
The show was very interesting. You should have seen it.
That coat may have cost a lot of money, but it's worth it.
May I eat that cake?
Do you know that nice-looking girl?
That guitar is so expensive that I can't buy it.
I wish I could buy that guitar.
What did you do with that camera?
What did you do with that money?
That toy is made of wood.
That toy is made of wood.
That dog is big.
That house appears deserted.
One of them is a spy.
Miss! I feel sick.
You may depend on him to help you.
How many of you are there?
Pardon all but thyself.
It's my duty to help you.
I want you to meet my parents.
I'm on your side.
I'm on your side.
You remind me of your brother.
You remind me of your father.
I remember you. We met three years ago.
I was born to love you.
Can I call you Bob?
I'd like to invite you to the party.
We are glad to have you in our class.
I wish you had been there.
I wish you had come with us.
Both you and I are students.
Both you and I are students.
Both you and I are students.
It's a present for you.
You look good in a kimono.
Will you live in Sasayama next year?
Will you go to America next year?
Will you go to America next month?
You have to make a reservation.
Do you have to make dinner?
You shouldn't break promises.
Are you reading an interesting book?
Please return the book by tomorrow.
You will be able to see him tomorrow.
Are you going to school tomorrow?
What are you going to do tomorrow?
Where will you be this time tomorrow?
Are you free tomorrow?
You're not satisfied, are you?
You have only to practice every day.
Do you go to school on foot every day?
Do you run every day?
Do you listen to the radio at home every day?
Do you study English every day?
Do you really want it?
I admire you.
I think you're a really nice guy.
You are from Hokkaido, aren't you?
You look busy.
Are you busy?
Are you busy?
Are you busy?
Are you busy?
Are you busy?
Will you go on foot or by bus?
Are you studying?
You look as if you don't have a care in the world.
It is necessary for you to help her.
Do you know him?
You can swim much better than him.
Do you happen to know his name?
I don't believe you've met him.
I suppose you like him.
Do you know where he lives?
Do you know where he lives?
Do you speak Japanese?
Do you speak Japanese?
You have two books.
You are sharp.
You live in Tokyo, don't you?
Have you ever been to Tokyo?
Did you visit the Tokyo Tower?
You don't like gambling, do you?
Are you related to the Nagashima family?
Are you related to the Nagashima family?
You don't have to get up early.
What do you do before breakfast?
Do you know how old Miss Nakano is?
You ought to be ashamed of yourself.
Who do you want to talk to?
You are very beautiful.
You speak French very well. I wish I could speak it as well as you.
What did you major in at college?
You have no right to interfere in other people's affairs.
Have you ever climbed Mt. Yari?
You get up early, don't you?
Were you scolded by your teacher?
Were you in America last month?
You are not a student.
Are you interested in politics?
You're the new secretary, aren't you?
You must bear it in mind.
You must not eat too much.
Do you get along with your boss?
You are a good tennis player, as beginners go.
You ought not to go out.
You'd better not go out.
Have you done your homework?
Have you done your homework?
Are you ten years old?
Do you have a car?
Do you have a car?
Can you drive?
Do you live in Sasayama?
Do you live in Sasayama?
You must know yourself.
You dropped your handkerchief.
You don't have to take an examination.
Do you know me?
Do you know me?
You seem to have mistaken me for my elder brother.
You may use my dictionary.
You remind me of a boy I used to know.
You may as well come with me.
Do you know where I live?
Can you express yourself in English?
You have no heart.
Did you have a lot of happy experiences in your childhood?
You expect too much of your child.
I believe you like your job.
You needn't have taken an umbrella with you.
Were you tired last night?
Did you drive her home last night?
Did you enjoy yourself yesterday?
Did you play baseball yesterday?
Did you go to school yesterday?
Have you been busy since yesterday?
You have only to answer the first question.
What are you going to do tonight?
You are busy now, aren't you?
Will you stay at home tonight?
Where do you want to go this summer?
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?
What time did you get up this morning?
You'll have to study harder from now on.
What must you do now?
Have you ever seen Tokyo Tower?
Have you ever been to Kobe?
Have you ever visited Kyoto?
Have you ever climbed Mt. Aso?
You'd better go home.
Do you like black cats?
Are you a high school student?
Are you a high school student?
He said that you had better go.
Would you like to go?
You can take whatever you like.
You must do all you can lest you should regret later.
I think you had better stick to your present job.
You are stupid.
Did you live in Sasayama last year?
How many Christmas cards did you write last year?
You must hurry up.
Where will you go for the vacation?
You have a good memory.
You have a good memory.
Are you a student?
Are you a student?
Are you a student?
You go to school, don't you?
Have you ever been to a foreign country?
How long did you stay abroad?
You are a good painter, aren't you?
Did you go abroad for pleasure or on business?
Are you going to sing?
You should make better use of your free time.
How many siblings do you have?
How large is your family?
What time do you leave for school?
Why are you busy today?
How often did you visit Kyoto?
What do you have?
How fast you walk!
How fast you walk!
Do you want anything to eat?
Do you want anything to eat?
Are you interested in music?
Do you have a pencil?
Are you studying English?
Are you listening to English?
Can you translate English into Japanese?
Do you know how to speak English?
Can you write a letter in English?
Can you communicate in English what you want to say?
Do you like English?
Do you know how to swim?
Do you feel like going to the theater?
You are not a doctor.
Did you make that mistake on purpose?
How many rackets do you have?
You've got a great sense of humor.
You should be more reasonable.
You have to study Japanese harder.
You need to be more careful.
You should study English harder.
Have you finished breakfast yet?
Have you finished your lunch yet?
It is high time you were in bed.
Have you finished writing the letter yet?
Have you washed the car yet?
Have you finished cleaning your room yet?
You are sitting between Meg and me.
You are absolutely right.
You're still young.
What did you say to Paula?
Do you have a lot of pens?
Can you make yourself understood in French?
Have you ever been to France?
Do you know Mr. Brown?
Do you usually have tea for breakfast?
You should not go alone.
I hear that you play the piano.
I hear that you play the piano.
What do you have in your bag?
Do you go to school by bus?
Can you play the violin?
How long have you lived in Sasayama?
To what degree are you interested in baseball?
Which season do you like the best?
What subject do you like best?
How long will you stay in Hakone?
How long have you been in Kushiro?
You speak so softly that I cannot quite hear what you say.
Which group do you want to join?
You can go wherever you want.
Where did you see Nancy?
Where do you watch television?
Where do you play tennis?
Why did you come here this morning?
Why are you alone?
Did you watch the soccer game on television?
There is no reason for you to feel inferior to anyone.
You may be right, but we have a slightly different opinion.
You had better not smoke so much.
You may as well return home at once.
All you have to do is fill in this form.
The more books you read, the more you'll know.
You don't have to talk so loud.
You don't have to work so hard.
You should have kept it secret.
Did you buy it today or yesterday?
You have only to ask for it.
How do you account for that?
How do you account for that?
You may choose any of them.
You are liable for the debt.
You ought not to have disclosed the secret.
You have only to push the button.
Did you hear the news?
What were you doing at that time?
It is necessary for you to go there.
You did not say so.
Can you skate?
You will soon get used to eating Japanese food.
You'll soon get used to speaking in public.
You ought to finish your homework at once.
It is necessary for you to go there immediately.
You've improved your English.
Do you like San Francisco?
Do you play soccer?
Are you familiar with the rules of soccer?
Which do you like better, this or that?
Have you read this article?
You can't apply this rule to every case.
Are you the owner of this house?
Do you know how to use this camera?
You would do well to stay here.
You shouldn't eat here.
You drink too much coffee.
You should have Mr Green correct your English pronunciation.
What did you do with your camera?
Did you call your friend in Canada?
You look just like your mother.
Do you remember your father's birthday?
When will you go back to Japan?
When did you come back from Tokyo?
When do you come and see me?
When will you come back to school?
You are always late.
You should always tell the truth.
When do you practice the piano?
When are you going to quit smoking?
When did you begin playing golf?
You will be sorry for it some day.
How many apples do you want?
Are you American or French?
You must have been surprised to meet your teacher in such a place.
You have four dogs.
Do you like to study?
You have only to ask him if he'd like to join us.
You may give this picture to whoever wants it.
You bought the ticket for the train?
Are you a student of a private high school?
Do you want me to make coffee?
Did you carry out your plan?
What time do you go home?
How often do you wash your car a month?
Do you take part in any community activities?
You say one thing and then act just the opposite.
Did you read that thick book?
Tell me your story. I am all ears.
I'll look after your child while you are away.
I can understand your position perfectly.
I will give you whatever you want.
What time did your friend go home?
When did your friend leave for America?
Say hello to your friends.
If your friend reminds you kindly of your faults, take what he says not only pleasantly, but thankfully.
Compare your translation with his.
Please write down your name.
How do you pronounce your name?
Spell your name, please.
Fill in your name and address.
How do you spell your family name?
I'd like to see your sister.
Lend me your book, please.
Here is your book.
You're a month behind in your rent.
Where is your room?
Where is your room?
If I had known about your illness, I could have visited you in the hospital.
I hope you'll get well soon.
I perceive by your face that you have good news.
You are correct in your judgement.
Your pronunciation is more or less correct.
I feel like I'm being drawn into your eyes.
Your answer is correct.
Your answer is correct.
Your proposal is worthy of being considered.
Your suggestion seems reasonable.
Please show me your stamp album.
I didn't think this was your seat.
Your voice reminds me of my late grandmother.
I didn't catch your last name.
I will never forget your kindness.
I am willing to take your offer.
I deeply appreciate your advice and kindness.
What are you going to do with your first pay?
I want to talk with your uncle.
Would you mind my moving your car?
Would you mind if I used your car?
It is a matter of principle with him to answer your questions honestly.
Lend me your dictionary, please.
I've had enough of your boasts.
Your bicycle is better than mine.
I will have repaired your watch by tomorrow.
What is your name?
What is your name?
What is your name?
You've finished your work.
I'm afraid the job I've got for you won't be easy.
Can I borrow your umbrella?
Would you show us some samples of your work?
I will follow you wherever you go.
Please tell me what you think.
You may choose any book you like.
Who is your favorite composer?
What is your favorite TV program?
Please close the door behind you.
I don't understand what you are talking about.
What you said is not true.
Maybe you're right.
You may be right about that.
I cannot agree with you on the matter.
You could be right, I suppose.
I am anxious about your health.
What's your blood group?
Your plan is a good one, but mine is a better one.
Your plan requires a large amount of money.
Your plan is sure to succeed.
I agree to your plan.
Is your school in this town?
How many students are there in your school?
Zeal for your house will consume me.
I'll pick you up at your home.
What do you call your father?
Your assistance is indispensable for us.
Your English is too good to be in this class.
How tall is your youngest brother?
Do you think you could lend me some of your records?
I wish I had a friend like you.
Give your whole attention to what you are doing.
Yours is over there.
Please show me your notebook.
I will be happy to attend your party.
I will find you your lost ring.
Do whatever you want.
I hope that your parents will allow us to marry.
We'll never forget your kindness.
I'll never forget you.
I am quite pleased with you.
Your bag is on my desk.
I am afraid I can't help you.
I'll be very happy if I can serve you.
Can your mother drive a car?
Is your mother at home now?
Were your mother and father home?
Your father is tall.
How old is your father?
Do you know where your father went?
Your sister cannot swim well, can she?
What's your favorite television program?
You make life worth living.
How old is your grandfather?
Your order has been submitted.
You're right in a sense.
Will you lend me your CD player for an hour?
The time has come when I must tell you the truth.
I gave you a book.
Let me introduce my mother to you.
I would like you to assist me with my gardening.
I'll do your shopping, clean up the house, and cook your dinner for you.
I didn't get your last name.
I have no intention of telling you the result.
There is an urgent message for you.
I'd like for you to go.
It was very nice seeing you again.
It's great to meet you.
Whenever I see you, I feel happy.
There is a man at the door who wants to see you.
There's somebody who wants to meet you.
I'd rather you stayed at home.
I will show you some pictures.
I will show you some pictures.
Let me get you something to drink.
I have no secrets from you.
I cannot lend this book to you.
When will it be convenient for you?
I had hoped to meet you there.
I'd like you to translate this book into English.
I would like to tell you something.
I'm happy to see you.
I'm happy to see you.
I am delighted to meet you.
I have something to give you.
Is there any difference between your idea and hers?
You and he are both very kind.
I would like to have a word with you.
Who is taller, you or Ken?
I really enjoyed your company.
I'm the one who wants to be with you.
I'm afraid I differ with you on this point.
I'd like to have a word with you.
May I have a talk with you?
I will come with you.
Are you students?
You can go there in a boat.
You're the only one who can help me.
You're the only one who can help me.
Who is the man that you were talking with?
I've never seen you cook. Can you cook anything at all?
I'll lend you the book, provided you return it next week.
It is a pity you cannot come.
It is a pity you cannot come.
I'm glad you could come.
I'll get you whatever you want.
While you are reading to me, I can do my sewing.
I know that you are busy.
You came out of the room.
It was sensible of you to follow her advice.
I wouldn't object if you wanted to go with her.
It's no use your begging him for help.
I will never force you to marry him.
For all you say about him, I still like him.
Will you show me what you bought?
I will badly miss you if you leave Japan.
Was he still here when you arrived?
If you concentrate all your energies on the study of English, you will master the language.
A woman visited us while you were sleeping.
A woman visited us while you were sleeping.
Food you eat that you don't like will not be digested well.
She will be glad if you go to see her in person.
Pretend you're me.
Either you or I must attend the meeting.
I'll do whatever you want me to do.
Either you or I am right.
I'll recommend him as chairman, whether you are in favour of it or not.
Let me read the paper when you have finished with it.
I want to know what you did this summer.
If you leave now, I'm sure you'll be caught in a traffic jam.
I'll miss you when you're gone.
If you don't want to go, you don't need to.
I can't study with you watching me.
I really look forward to your visit in the near future.
We often hear you sing.
No matter what you may say, I will not change my mind.
I will lend you any book that I have, so long as you keep it clean.
English will take you a long time to master.
I found your letter in the mailbox.
I would like to borrow fifty dollars from you.
Let me see the pictures you took in Paris.
It is a pity that you cannot come to the party.
It is a pity that you cannot come to the party.
Whichever route you take, you will get there in time.
I miss you so much.
I miss you so much.
I see why you don't want to go there.
I don't agree with you smoking.
I'd like to join your group.
Whether you like it or not doesn't matter.
The time will come when you will regret it.
I hope that you will like it.
It is not necessary for you to quit the job.
It will make little difference whether you go there by taxi or on foot.
The meeting will have broken up by the time you arrive there.
If you don't go skiing, I won't, either.
I am relieved that you are safe.
If you are not going to the concert, then neither am I.
Let us know whether you can come.
You understand best how to use the machine.
It is a pity that you can not come.
I want to go wherever you're going.
I'll miss you very much if you go.
I'll miss you very much.
I'll miss you.
Can you describe the situation you were in?
What happened to you last night?
Please call me at my hotel later.
Would you please come again later?
I will be free in ten minutes.
I made an apple pie for you.
There goes our bus.
Oh, no! I almost forgot!
Adam was furious with me when I broke his watch.
I know him.
I don't know what to do now.
That place's food is great, and their prices are good, but the fly in the ointment is their terrible location.
What's the nationality of that cameraman over there?
Who is the woman standing there?
The boy standing over there is my son.
That is the office where he works.
I have to buy one tomorrow.
I hope it'll be fine tomorrow.
It will be fine tomorrow.
What will you be doing at this time tomorrow?
I will speak to you tomorrow.
I'll be free all day tomorrow.
Tomorrow is my birthday.
My guess is that it will be fine tomorrow.
What's the forecast for tomorrow?
Do not oversleep tomorrow morning.
May I be excused from tomorrow's class?
The assistant took the money.
The assistant kept $2.
After the assistant returned $1 to each one, each man had actually paid only $9.
The hydrangea blooms in June.
The imports from Asian countries have expanded recently.
Asia is roughly four times the size of Europe.
Asia is much larger than Australia.
I am interested in Asian history.
People of Asia must work together.
The day after tomorrow is Tom's birthday.
Do you have time the day after tomorrow?
The beard does not make the philosopher.
Akira is good at playing tennis.
Do you mind if I turn off the light?
Einstein was a mathematical genius.
Einstein loved playing the violin.
We associate the name of Einstein with the theory of relativity.
I'm sorry, my mother's not at home.
I'm sorry, my father is out.
Unfortunately, there was no one around.
Unfortunately I was not in time for his speech.
Unfortunately, it rained.
Accepting the other's norms is submitting to the other's power.
He shot at me.
He is really a perfect idiot.
He is so heartless.
They say fine words are no virtue if they're insincere and that's him in a nutshell. He's all talk but doesn't mean a word of it.
I'll bewitch him into a frog!
You can trust him with any job.
I don't know what to do with that guy. No matter how mad I get at him he just takes it in stride and pays no attention.
I wonder where he is hiding.
I don't care what they say.
Iceland used to belong to Denmark.
Now I remember.
How awful!
Am I hungry!
Am I hungry!
Don't do anything like that again.
Yes. She used to be a very shy girl.
Ah, when will they meet again?
Yes, I'm coming.
Oh, I was disconnected.
Argh! My computer froze up again.
UN stands for the United Nations.
UFO stands for unidentified flying object.
I like science fiction better.
What does SFX stand for?
What does PTA stand for?
The magazine Look is no longer being published.
The magazine Look is no longer being published.
I like L.A. better.
I like L.A. better.
JST stands for Japan Standard Time.
J.F. Kennedy was buried in Arlington Cemetery.
The accent of "guitar" falls on the second syllable.
How many CDs do you have?
CDs have taken the place of records.
Compact discs have entirely taken the place of phonograph records.
"Call up" is a phrase that means to telephone.
AI stands for artificial intelligence.
Is it cheaper to call after 9:00?
I must get there by 9 o'clock.
He did not come back until nine o'clock.
Would 9 o'clock be all right?
I'd like to take a 9:30 flight.
Only 3 out of the 98 passengers survived.
An angle of 90 degrees is called a right angle.
An eight-year-old car is almost worthless.
It has just struck eight, hasn't it?
Get me up at eight.
I'm going to check out at eight.
I'll meet to you at eight.
I'd like breakfast in my room at 8 sharp.
I'd like breakfast in my room at 8 sharp.
Would 8:30 be convenient for you?
There is no school during August.
This is Room 839.
I thought you had to get up by 7:30.
See you about 7.
It is close to seven o'clock. We have to go to school.
I have to be there by 7:00.
I'll call you at seven.
I got up at seven.
Please call me up between seven and eight.
Please call me up between seven and eight.
The weather is usually hot in July.
One day in July, we went to the sea.
I will start working on July first.
One-third of the six members were women.
Dinner will be ready by six-thirty.
You should come home before six.
Take this medicine every six hours.
My plane leaves at six o'clock.
I don't mind getting up at six.
I have an appointment with him at six.
Will six o'clock suit you?
Will six o'clock suit you?
I will pick you up around six.
Children of six and above should attend school.
We have many rainy days in June.
I'd like to reserve a single room on June 3.
I am six feet tall.
After a six month period, his leg was healed and is normal again.
Take any train on track 5.
You should take the number 5 bus.
Five years is too long to wait.
Throughout the five years of painful cancer treatments, he managed to keep a stiff upper lip.
Give me five days.
It rained five successive days.
I'll call you around five o'clock.
He'll be back by five o'clock.
I'd like to get home by five.
There is no admission fee for children under five.
Take the elevator to the fifth floor.
He died aged 54 years.
This is the hottest summer we have had in fifty years.
You gave me only fifty cents.
No fewer than 50 passengers were killed.
There were 20 failures among 50 applicants.
It's 50 yen.
Follow the street for about 50 meters, and you will see a post office.
I'd like to borrow fifty dollars from you.
No fewer than five hundred students were present.
I walked three-fourths of a mile.
I will help you if I have finished my work by four.
He wouldn't be available until four.
At four o'clock, they arrived at the hotel.
Call me at four; I must take the first train.
I am leaving at four.
Four multiplied by two is eight.
Four hundred million people speak English as their first language.
I got out of the car at 40th Street.
The class of forty includes eighteen girls.
The war began three years later.
It was not until three days after that I knew she had disappeared.
He stayed there for three days.
I will answer within three days.
The reply came after three days.
This meal is adequate for three.
We have French third period.
After three hours of discussion we got nowhere.
I can come at three.
In March, many flowers come out.
March 15 will be my last day of school.
Please reconfirm the reservation by March 10.
If you add 3 to 3, you get 6.
I will have spent all this money in three months.
It is difficult to speak three languages.
Three months is too short a time to finish the experiment.
I was kept waiting for nearly half an hour.
Fashions of thirty years ago have come back in style.
Let's begin at page 30.
Could you bring my breakfast to room 305?
The two streets run parallel to one another.
Advance two steps.
I have two dogs. One is white and the other black.
If you run after two hares, you will catch neither.
After two days our food gave out.
It has been raining for two days.
Don't be late for school again.
I'd like to reserve a table for two.
Do you have a double room?
Do you have a double room?
They have announced their engagement.
The ages of the two children put together was equivalent to that of their father.
Two's company, but three's a crowd.
We have not had a single drop of rain for two weeks.
I will be back in two week's time.
I'll be back within two hours.
We had a late lunch at two.
We had a late lunch at two.
I have been writing since two o'clock without a break.
I've been waiting for you since two o'clock.
Can we meet February 28, around 3:00 pm?
On February 14 Americans celebrate St. Valentine's Day.
Go upstairs and bring down my trunk.
Walk two blocks, and turn left.
Four is an unlucky number in Japanese.
There is only a marginal difference between the two.
Can you imagine what the 21st century will be like?
The twenty-first century begins in 2001.
Twenty years is a long time.
For quantities of 20 or more, we can allow you a special discount of 10% on the prices quoted.
2001 is the year when the 21st century begins.
Could you spare me a few minutes?
A few years ago, our room had little furniture in it.
I want to extend my stay here for a few more days.
I saw him at the station a few days ago.
You'd better stay in bed for a few days.
A few days' rest will do you good.
It is hard to see the sights of Tokyo in a few days.
He stayed there a couple of days.
The blossoms will be out in a few days.
You'll be all right again in a couple of days.
I've been there a couple of times.
May I ask a few questions?
A few months later they return to their breeding grounds in the Arctic.
A fallen leaf floated on the surface of the water.
A dead leaf fell to the ground.
He missed the train by a minute.
Because just one minute costs nearly four pounds.
We have a single for 50 dollars per night.
I would rather work for any company than waste another year.
A year has twelve months.
A year has twelve months.
I'll see to it that you have a raise after the first year.
I was feeling blue all day.
He was playing tennis all day.
Do you have any day tours?
I go shopping every other day.
Do you think you can live on a dollar a day in America?
It was Janet that won first prize.
I've won first prize!
A car stopped at the entrance.
A century is one hundred years.
One lives in Fukuoka, and the others live in Niigata.
One is Japanese and the other is Italian.
Only one little boy survived the traffic accident.
I would like to travel alone.
Down fell the house a week later.
I can do it in a week.
What do you have the first period?
After walking for an hour, we stopped to take a rest.
He left an hour ago.
We'll arrive there within an hour.
I must finish my homework in an hour.
I got warm from jogging for an hour.
I'm afraid he won't be here until 1:00.
Let's meet at one o'clock.
Exports in January were up 20% over the same period of last year.
The first term starts in April.
I'd like seats on the first floor.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
Please make three copies of each page.
One dollar is equivalent to 110 yen.
I lived for more than a month in Nagoya.
I am 19 years old.
Technology will make a lot of progress in the nineties.
I haven't seen Tom since 1988.
In 1900, he left England, and he never returned.
A boy of seventeen is often as tall as his father.
A few days after his thirteenth birthday, Tony left school, too.
When she was thirteen, she ran away from home.
It is close to eleven. It's about time we went to bed.
I go to bed at eleven.
Come and see me at eleven o'clock.
Come and see me at eleven o'clock.
It's already eleven. It's high time you were in bed.
It is ten minutes before eleven.
The map on page 11 looks very strange. Turn it upside down. Then it becomes a familiar map to you.
Please refer to page ten.
She left home ten minutes ago.
After ten minutes, they passed on to a new topic.
I'll be back in ten minutes.
In ten years our town will change a lot.
He returned home for the first time in ten years.
Ten years is a long time.
Ten prisoners broke out of jail.
I'm going to take the 10:30 train.
The fog began to disappear around ten o'clock.
You must be back by 10 o'clock.
I'll stay here until ten.
It's ten o'clock sharp.
Ten houses were burned down.
It's the third of October.
Read Lesson 10 from the beginning.
Let's start with Lesson Ten.
What is on Channel 10?
Ten teams competed for the prize.
Subtract two from ten and you have eight.
Where is Room 105?
Supposing you had one million yen, what would you do with it?
If you won a million yen, what would you do?
Is one thousand yen enough?
You can buy it for a thousand yen or so.
A thousand dollars is a large sum.
One thousand dollars will cover all the expenses for the party.
Suppose you had a thousand dollars, what would you do with it?
One, three, and five are odd numbers.
No Trespassing.
I want beef, too.
"Are you sure you want to call the police?" I asked her.
"Are you tired?" "No, not at all."
"Do you think he will come?" "I hope not."
"Is he going to swim tomorrow?" "Yes, he is."
"Is he going to swim tomorrow?" "Yes, he is."
"Who is he?" "He is Jim."
"Is he right?" "I don't think so."
"Will he succeed?" "I fear not."
"Is he by the car?" "No, he is in the car."
"Will he pass the examination?" "I am afraid not."
"He'd like to have a coffee after work." "I would too."
"Did he write a letter yesterday?" "Yes, he did."
"Does he like music?" "Yes, he does."
Don't use "discover" when you mean "invent".
Japanese management must learn how to deal with American workers, he said.
"May I use your telephone?" "By all means."
"Our train leaves at 9:00." "Don't worry. We'll make it."
"Shall I take a message?" "No, thank you."
"Who is in the car?" "Tom is."
"God is our salvation," said the priest.
"Next time," he said.
"I'm Japanese," the boy answered.
She said to herself, "I am very happy."
"How many keys?" asked Pepperberg.
I asked him if he knew her address.
"Do you like snakes?" "Of course not."
"Don't cry," she said.
"Shall I have him call you when he gets back?" "Yes, please."
"Fire!", he cried.
"Would you mind taking me home?", she said.
"What time is it?" "It is ten-thirty."
"Are the drinks free?" "Only for ladies."
If he says "I love you" all the time he doesn't mean it.
"Would you like any more?" "No, I've had enough."
"Will you have some more coffee?" "No, thanks. I've had enough."
"Get rid of it, of course!" answered the farmer.
"I wish you were all mine!" said the little black rabbit.
"Yes, we have met before," said Mr Jordan.
"Who is it?" "It's me."
"Where have you been?" "I have been to the station to see a friend off."
"Where have you been?" "I've been to the barber's."
"Would you mind shutting the door?" "No, not at all."
"Who teaches you English?" "Miss Yamada does."
I said to myself, "That's a good idea."
"Let us begin today's lesson by opening our books to page 156," said the teacher.
"Are these your cars?" "Yes, they are."
"Whose chair is this?" "It is mine."
"Whose chair is this?" "It is mine."
"May I use this telephone?" "Go ahead."
"May I use this pencil?" "Yes, you may."
"How about a cup of coffee?" "I'd like to, but I have a previous engagement."
Grandpa bought it for me!
"How long does it take to get to Vienna on foot?" "Sorry, I'm a stranger here."
"Will they go on strike again?" "I'm afraid so."
"The castle is haunted," he said with a shiver.
"Who is that girl?" "That's Keiko."
"Thirty dollars is a lot for that small room," he thought.
"Are you students?" "Yes, we are."
"I believe you like your job" "On the contrary, I hate it".
"Where do you live?" "I live in Tokyo."
"Do you want a T-shirt?" "Yes, I want a red one."
"Can I use your dictionary?" "Yes, here you are."
"Do you really wish that?" asked the little white rabbit.
"I saw her five days ago," he said.
"Six pence per second," Bob reminds her.
There is a certain amount of truth in what he's saying.
As it is, prices are going up every week.
The sign '&' stands for 'and'.
It is very hot here in summer.
This building is a capsule hotel lodging men and women.
Sentences past this ID are sentences added by contributors of Tatoeba Project.
The lie got him in trouble when his boss found out the truth.
No matter how much I consider it I do not understand.
In towns, speed is limited to 50 km/h.
This room's orientation is great.
This room's location is great.
I would like to try the blue striped skirt.
I have a cough and a little fever.
He can also speak French.
I can speak French.
I received an invitation.
Where do you live?
Do you remember the day when we first met?
Do you remember the day we met?
Does he live here?
The train station is not far from here.
Where is the train station?
It's hailing.
Rubén is the father of three children.
Do you have difficulty understanding what women or small children say to you?
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
He often appears on TV.
He often appears on TV.
I love you, sweetheart.
Don't talk rubbish!
It's on the tip of my tongue.
It's on the tip of my tongue.
It's on the tip of my tongue.
It's on the tip of my tongue.
Talk to you later.
Damned if I know.
I'm going to bed.
I like traveling.
I like to travel.
I like travelling.
I am looking forward to the trip.
I work in a travel agency.
I work at a travel agency.
I live with my parents.
I'm living with my parents.
I live with my mother and father.
He has no children.
I don't have children.
The trees are green.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
This factory manufactures automobile parts.
This book is yours.
The train was crowded with people.
Would you like me to see you home?
It is the things that we do not possess which seem to us most desirable.
Tom fed his leftovers to his dog.
Did you pay for the book?
You certainly play the piano well.
Do you really believe in ghosts?
You don't have to come here every day.
You should keep your promise.
She continued that you should keep your promise.
You're very brave, aren't you?
You aren't afraid of ghosts, are you?
You are not coming, are you?
You speak fluent English.
You should obey your parents.
Will you go by train?
Do you get up at six?
Would you like to come along?
Will you join us?
I wish you could have been there.
I'll sue you.
I have a surprise for you.
I'll make you happy.
I was not scolding you.
I believe in you.
Let me introduce you to Mr. Murata.
I can't wait for you.
I'm afraid I've offended you.
I am counting on you.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
It's up to you.
It's up to you.
It's up to you.
It's up to you.
You'd better go in person.
I have a job for you.
Who is your English teacher?
You must learn from mistakes.
I'm afraid you'll have to go in person.
I can't live without you.
The crowd poured out of the stadium.
The crowd obstructed the police in the discharge of their duties.
The soldier became a teacher.
The armed forces occupied the entire territory.
I have an older brother.
How tall is your brother?
My brother bought an electric guitar.
My brother likes horror movies.
My brother has been living in London for many years.
My brother died of cancer last year.
My brother gave me a cute doll.
My brother is two years older than I, but he is three centimeters shorter.
My brother sometimes helps me with my homework.
My brother goes to college in Kobe.
My brother sent me a letter last week.
My brother took me to the museum.
How many brothers do you have?
The style is nice, but do you have it in a different color?
The contract is in the bag, so let's go out and celebrate.
I want a cellular phone, but I don't have enough money to pay for one.
I hope the economy picks up soon.
Business will recover soon.
The economy is picking up.
Experience is the best teacher.
A stable economy is the aim of every government.
Few governments can manage the economy successfully.
I major in economics.
Don't trust a man whose past you know nothing about.
There is not one person who is in agreement with the plan.
I had to give up my plan.
Sometimes being overcautious in planning could upset the apple cart.
We organized a project team.
Forewarned is forearmed.
Forewarned is forearmed.
The policeman lifted the box carefully.
When he saw a policeman coming, he began to run like anything.
A policeman came up to me.
The police have been searching for the stolen goods for almost a month.
The policeman caught the thief.
The policeman aimed his gun at the man.
The policeman took the thief by the arm.
The policeman arrested the thief.
The policeman commanded them to stop.
The police held him in custody.
The police accused him of murder.
A policeman was watching it, with his arms crossed.
The policemen said to them, "Stop."
It will be dark by the time the police come here.
The police are looking into the matter.
You had better wait until the police come.
It was Mike that telephoned the police.
The police will put you behind bars for twenty years.
The police broke up the fight.
The police will look into the case.
The policeman captured the man who was running.
Where is the police station?
The police will soon arrive on the scene.
The police didn't find any clues.
The police arrested the man who had murdered the girl.
The police are pursuing an escaped prisoner.
The police is searching for an escaped prisoner.
The police were able to find the criminal.
The police assembled a lot of evidence against him.
The police accused him of theft.
The police arrested the suspect.
Please call the police.
A slight cold prevented me from going to Ibusuki with my family.
Karuizawa is famous as a summer resort.
It is believed that whales have their own language.
The whale is well known to be the largest mammal.
A whale is a mammal.
Let's meet in front of the theater.
On my way to the theater I saw a traffic accident.
The shooting started around noon.
The shooting started around noon.
He has been absent from work for a week.
No students were absent.
Despite all his faults he is popular.
No man is without his faults.
It's up to you to decide.
Let's leave the decision to Tom.
Let's leave the decision to our teacher.
I'm so embarrassed I could dig a hole and crawl into it.
It'll come all right in the end.
In the end we reached a compromise.
I have lost the case after all.
After all they came to terms with each other.
Married people sometimes wish they were single.
We've been married for five years.
Marriage has many pains, but celibacy has no pleasures.
Where is the wedding to be?
The wedding will take place on Saturday.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
Blood is thicker than water.
My blood pressure is 155 over 105.
Let me take your blood pressure.
I'd like you to have a blood test.
There is no air on the moon.
Since there is no air on the moon, there is no sound at all.
We cannot see the other side of the moon.
The moon is behind the clouds.
The moon doesn't have light of its own.
The moon is not a good place to live on.
The moon is the earth's only satellite.
The moon moves around the earth.
It will not be long before we can take a trip to the moon.
Attached is my monthly report.
An eclipse of the moon is a rare phenomenon.
The moon landing was a monumental achievement.
It's Monday.
I always feel blue on Mondays.
Ken's dog is white.
Ken talked with his friends yesterday.
Ken is as tall as Bill.
Ken is a football player.
Ken has not washed the car yet.
Ken has been to England before.
Ken has never visited Kyoto.
Ken can swim, can't he?
Ken looks happy.
Ken was in Japan last year.
Ken keeps two cats.
Ken has a white dog.
Ken plays soccer every day.
Ken wants to be a baseball player.
Ken will be fifteen next year.
Who runs faster, Ken or Tony?
Poor health prohibited him from traveling.
My health is my only capital.
It goes without saying that health is important.
Health is above wealth.
We cannot overestimate the value of health.
Good health is inseparable from exercise and moderation.
Kentaro is staying with his friend in Kyoto.
Kenji is a good speaker of English.
It was during the ice age that the saber-toothed tiger became extinct.
Fighting won't settle anything.
The first phase of construction has been completed.
The buildings look so tiny.
Please wait until we get the results of the examination.
The prosecutor asked me a leading question.
The dog walked across the street.
A dog was run over by a truck.
A dog followed me to my school.
The dog attacked the little boy.
A dog runs after a cat, and the cat after a mouse.
The dog barked at the mailman.
I am not in the least afraid of dogs.
Don't throw a stone at the dog.
The dog was hit by a truck.
I didn't know that dogs swim well.
A dog will bark at strangers.
The dog waited day after day for its master's return.
It is not easy to train dogs.
Keep the dog out.
I got hurt in the shoulder.
Can you find it?
To see is to believe.
Only a few TV programs are worth watching.
Only a few TV programs are worth watching.
A stranger tapped me on the shoulder from behind. He took me for some other person, I'm sure.
As far as the eye could see, nothing could be seen except cornfields.
A wise man would not say such a thing.
A wise man profits from his mistakes.
Turn the key to the right.
I'm looking for my key.
Do you know the difference between a microscope and a telescope?
Do you know the difference between a microscope and a telescope?
I have lost both principal and interest.
Good luck.
On New Year's Day many Japanese go to the shrine to worship.
The atomic bomb is the offspring of 20th century physics.
We can not be too careful in operating a nuclear power plant.
Freedom of speech is now taken as a matter of course.
From a strictly scientific point of view, history cannot be called a science.
Strictly speaking, you are wrong.
Strictly speaking, this sentence is grammatically incorrect.
Strictly speaking, the theory is not correct.
Strictly speaking, his answer is not correct.
Strictly speaking, the tomato is not a vegetable. It's a fruit.
Strictly speaking, the earth is not round.
Tax cuts are often used as a major fiscal tool to stimulate the economy.
Because the entrance was locked, we couldn't enter the house.
We give a 10% discount for cash.
At present there are about 31 million Americans over the age of sixty-five.
Today our artificial satellites are revolving around the earth.
Judging from the present look of the sky, we may have a downpour any moment.
What is the unemployment rate at the moment?
Where do you live now?
People are more educated now than they used to be.
Reality and fantasy are hard to distinguish.
You can say whatever you want to.
In other words, he betrayed us.
Saying is quite different from doing.
Easier said than done.
Don't speak unless you have something worth saying.
I told you before!
You cannot take back what you have said.
You should keep your mouth shut.
There are many guesses about how language began, but the fact is that no one really knows.
Language is peculiar to man.
Language is one of man's most important inventions.
Language is the means by which people communicate with others.
Each individual is different.
I was ashamed to go out in old clothes.
I wish I could see the ancient world.
I like shopping in used-book stores and in used-clothing shops.
Is he breathing?
A man who asks his wife's permission before taking any action except breathing is a henpecked husband.
He put up a brave and lone struggle, but up against such heavy odds he couldn't get his business plan accepted.
I heard a knock at the door.
Who is the girl at the door?
We had our vacation at the lake.
The lake is deep here.
The old church by the lake is very beautiful.
There were some boats on the lake.
The lake was frozen.
The lake was gleaming in the bright sunshine.
Let's drive to the lake.
An increase in customer complaints could signal a decline in business.
The square of 5 is 25.
Such things as television and computers could not have been dreamed of fifty years ago.
Let's play tennis in the afternoon.
Will it rain this afternoon?
The weather will change for the worse this afternoon.
It will clear up in the afternoon.
I don't want to go outside this afternoon.
In the afternoon I must arrange for the trip.
Let's have a swim in the afternoon.
You went to bed at 2 o'clock in the morning? No wonder you look sleepy today.
I'll be at home in the morning.
May I ask you to call me back later?
I'll clean up the kitchen later.
Read such books as will be useful in later life.
Please shut the door behind you.
Look back!
Don't look back.
Turn back, please.
In the name of mercy, stop crying.
Is it true that your family will travel in Hokkaido? I envy you.
How about a cup of tea or something, if you aren't in a hurry?
Bring the water to a boil.
Correct errors.
There are some misprints, but all in all, it's a good book.
The telephone operator asked the caller to hold on until a connection was made.
Let's take turns rowing the boat.
Traffic is a major urban problem.
You are to observe traffic rules.
The number of traffic accidents seems to be on the increase.
Traffic lights are used to regulate traffic.
There was little traffic, so we made good time on our trip to New York.
The speed of light is much greater than that of sound.
Light travels around the earth seven and a half times a second.
It was fun playing in the park.
There are many people in the park.
Are there many trees in the park?
There are some boys in the park.
There was a large crowd in the park.
I saw a young man lying on the bench under the cherry tree in the park.
The park is filled with children.
Let's take a walk in the park.
What do you say to taking a walk in the park?
You must not run in the school buildings.
It is sometimes difficult to make yourself understood in public.
In all fairness, he did do his best.
You must not speak with your mouth full.
It is rude to talk when your mouth is full.
It is easy to talk.
Don't speak with your mouth full!
Honey in the mouth and poison in the heart.
Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open.
I no longer have the energy to talk.
Open your mouth and close your eyes.
You talk too much.
"You talk too much," he said.
"You talk too much," he said.
The girl sitting over there is Nancy.
Look at that koala over there.
Look at that koala over there.
The man you see over there is my uncle.
Who is the girl standing over there?
Ask at the police box over there.
Look at the large building over there.
Drop me a line as soon as you get there.
Get away!
Get away!
Aren't you thirsty?
Feel free to get yourself a drink if you are thirsty.
Whether you like it or not, you'll have to do it.
You can stay as long as you like.
Take as many peaches as you like.
You may come whenever you like.
You may choose what you like.
Computers are certainly playing an important role in our life, whether we like it or not.
Curiosity killed the cat.
Strike while the iron is hot.
The area of the factory is 1,000 square meters.
She said that she was happy.
Happy is the man who is contented.
Luckily she did not die.
I wish you the best of luck.
Few people can speak English better than Sachiko.
Everybody knows that happiness is in contentment.
The square was illuminated by bright lights.
Attack is the best form of defense.
The principal presented each of the graduates with diploma.
I met her on campus yesterday.
The flood caused a lot of damage.
There are many ships in the harbor.
You have a choice of black tea, coffee, or milk.
Can you describe to me the difference between black tea and green tea?
Would you care for some tea?
Could you get me some tea?
Would you care for a cup of tea?
How about a cup of tea?
The rope broke under the strain.
I see your mind's made up.
You should think before you speak.
I'll have to think about it.
It's the only thing I can think of.
I think you worry too much.
I'll think it over.
Can I pick my ticket up at the airport?
Won't you go?
I'd like to go.
Go when you want.
You have to go there whether you like it or not.
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Do you have an address?
Maybe I'll go, and maybe I won't.
We have no choice but to go.
Leave a space between the lines.
Actions speak louder than words.
Actions speak louder than words.
Actions speak louder than words.
The fishing boat that had been missing returned to its port safely.
The lecture lasted for two hours.
The speaker didn't know his subject, nor did he speak well; in short, he was disappointing.
When listening to a lecture, you should be quiet.
The game will be played rain or shine.
I would rather die than yield.
I would rather die than surrender.
Hong Kong is referred to as the Pearl of Asia.
There on the top of a high mountain they built a small town of their own and lived in peace.
The air is thin at the top of a high mountain.
I always buy expensive items on credit.
His high salary enabled him to live in comfort.
I have high blood pressure.
Do you keep in contact with your high school classmates?
I used to keep a diary when I was at high school.
I used to play tennis in high school.
Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, was born in a log cabin in Kentucky.
Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, was born in a log cabin in Kentucky.
The United States is composed of 50 states.
Catch a signal.
International disputes must be settled peacefully.
The IMF ruled out any new loans to that country.
I'd like to make an overseas call.
International problems must be solved by diplomacy, not war.
Some national parks offer showers and even baby-sitting services.
Black people had to sit in the back of the bus, or stand if the back was full.
I could not keep the tears from my eyes.
I wish I were in Paris now.
I'm very hungry now.
I've just arrived at the airport.
I feel like taking a walk now.
Now I am too old to walk.
I'm busy now.
I'm tied up now.
Should I pick up my ticket now?
Now is the time for action.
Let's discuss the matter right now.
I'd like to check out right now.
If you start at once you'll arrive by six o'clock.
I'm on a diet.
Everybody is immune to smallpox nowadays.
I'm very happy now.
It is going to snow.
Do it when you have time.
Can't you get by on your salary?
Kids these days think that any issue in life can be resolved as easily as restarting a computer game.
It's three o'clock now; I'll come again in an hour.
I'm not in the least bit happy now.
I really need a drink now.
I don't feel like eating anything now.
I am on duty now.
I'm short of cash at the moment.
I'm at work now, so I'll call you later.
There are a lot of new buildings here now.
Are you busy now?
Are you busy now?
Are you busy now?
It is ten degrees below zero now.
I was never so humiliated in my life.
I've never eaten Chinese food before.
Have you ever visited Kyoto before?
He'll be a good husband.
It is time not only to equalize men's and women's wages, but also to equalize responsibility for housework.
Studying abroad is very common now.
We just arrived at the station.
What are you doing now?
Making this matter public would have an effect on our sales, so we're going to overlook it this once.
This time Bob is likely to win.
We have two examinations during this term.
I'm taking Spanish this semester.
Our surplus has swelled by nearly ten percent in this quarter.
May I come and see you now?
Please wait until the end of this month.
Steel production will increase 2% this month from last month.
I'm going to Paris next month.
It's been hot this month, but today's an exception.
My salary was high this month.
I hope we will be able to keep in touch.
It's warm for this time of year.
I can't get away from work now.
I can't get away from work now.
I wish I were young.
What have you been doing this week?
What movies are playing this week?
I worked all this week.
I have been busy this week.
You should do your homework now.
It's impossible to go out now.
May I leave now?
I'm at Narita Airport right now.
If I had eaten breakfast this morning, I would not be hungry now.
Did you have breakfast this morning?
I saw a group of foreigners on my way to school this morning.
How are you feeling this morning?
I woke up at five this morning.
I got up at seven this morning.
This morning I got up an hour earlier than usual.
You look very happy this morning.
It was very cold this morning.
When did you get up this morning?
I'm feeling good this morning.
I had a little fever this morning.
I had a little fever this morning.
We had a heavy frost this morning.
We had a heavy frost this morning.
It's cool this morning, isn't it?
We had a history quiz this morning.
Did you feed the dog this morning?
My father had already finished breakfast when I got up this morning.
I went to a park this morning.
My car broke down this morning and won't be repaired until Friday.
I met him by chance on the train this morning.
There was an earthquake this morning.
All Sadako could do now was to make paper cranes and hope for a miracle.
I'll attend the next meeting.
After the incident I came to have a higher opinion of him.
George is very enthusiastic about his new job.
I'm leaving for Chicago next Saturday morning.
I'm getting married next Sunday.
The new secretary types about 70 words per minute.
Now it's your serve.
I'll let you off this time, but I don't ever want to catch you stealing again.
I don't know when he'll come again.
Were you on time for work today?
Today, the temperature rose as high as 30 degrees Celsius.
Today, I bought ten books in all.
May I use your car today?
May I use your car today?
Today I walked 10 kilometers.
Are you busy today?
Industry as we know it today didn't exist in those days.
I'm sorry I wasn't able to see you when you came by today.
More and more women have their own careers and are economically independent of their husbands.
Today no one can imagine a life without television.
Nowadays, almost every home has one or two televisions.
Where will you have lunch today?
At lunchtime today, our usual restaurant was closed because of a funeral in the family.
Who was in charge of today's party?
What is the exchange rate today?
I am not satisfied with my performance today.
Come to my house this afternoon.
Let's play tennis this afternoon.
It will be fine this afternoon.
It was very hot this afternoon.
I will be busy this afternoon.
Can I go swimming this afternoon?
I'll see you again this afternoon.
My father is free this afternoon.
Today's minimum temperature was 3 °C.
Now my income is twice what it was two years ago.
What do you think about young people today?
It is said that the younger generation today is apathetic.
Today's paper contains nothing of importance.
According to today's paper, there was a fire in the city.
Is there any special news in today's paper?
I've not read today's paper yet.
I have already read today's paper.
Bring me today's paper, please.
The world today needs to advance its production of food.
Life today is fast-moving and complex.
How is the weather today?
We can deliver it this evening.
I've had it for today. I'm too tired.
Hello, I am Nancy.
Today is my sister's birthday.
It's awfully hot today.
I feel better today than yesterday.
It's cloudy today.
The whole class is present once a week.
I feel much better today.
I have a lot of things to do today.
Let's not discuss the matter today.
It's very hot today, isn't it?
I have many things to do now.
I'm lucky today.
It is especially hot today.
I had a very good time today.
It's insanely hot today.
It's insanely hot today.
It is terrible weather today.
Let's go Dutch today.
Let's go Dutch today.
It is likely to rain today.
I don't feel like studying English today.
How hot it is today!
How hot it is today!
I don't feel like eating anything today.
What are you going to do today?
You should stay at home today.
You should stay at home today.
I feel like going out rather than staying at home today.
Aren't you supposed to be at school today?
There is no school today.
May I leave school early today?
I really enjoyed myself tonight.
It's cold today.
It's a cold day, isn't it?
I feel well today.
Do you feel any better today?
I feel better today.
I am off today.
I'm in a hurry today.
Fish is cheap today.
It is Monday today.
I had an awful experience today, so I'm going to have a beer and go straight to bed.
You'd better not go today.
Today is the hottest day this year.
It is as hot a day as yesterday.
It isn't anything like as cold as it was yesterday.
It is less cold today than it was yesterday.
It is less humid today than it was yesterday.
It is not so hot today as yesterday.
It is less muggy today than it was yesterday.
There are many more students in the classroom today than yesterday.
There's more cloud today than yesterday.
It is warmer today than yesterday.
You had better take an umbrella with you today.
I won't work overtime today.
I don't feel like working today.
You can take today off.
Today is my sixteenth birthday.
I don't have classes today.
I have no homework today.
We have a holiday today.
I feel like going out today.
It's hot today.
It's hot today, isn't it?
I think it will be hot today.
The heat is terrible today.
It's rather cold today.
I have a slight headache today.
I have a slight fever today.
I have a good appetite today.
Why don't you go home early today?
It's fairly warm today.
I don't feel well today. The well water is the cause of many illnesses.
Is anyone absent today?
It's warm today, isn't it?
Today above ground tomorrow under.
There is much water in the pond today.
It's fine today.
I wish it were fine today.
Two students are absent today.
I am going to see him today.
I was tired today so I went to bed early.
As I am off duty today, let's go to the beach.
We can see Mt. Fuji clearly today.
Dad's in an impatient mood today.
It is windy today.
The wind is cold today.
You don't need to study today.
I can't go with you because I'm very busy.
I have the blues today.
It's your birthday, isn't it, Yuri?
I must hand in the report today.
Why don't you take the day off?
Fluency in English is a very marketable skill today.
Do you want to eat out tonight?
Can I borrow your tennis racket today?
Today we can go to distant countries easily by plane.
I wonder what I should do today.
Today I went to the dentist's.
It makes no difference whether you go today or tomorrow.
I forgot to call him today.
We have had little snow this winter.
Sales should double this year.
We're expecting a good harvest this year.
I can't afford a new car this year.
The weather has been unusual this year.
This year has been a lucky one for him.
This year promises a good harvest of rice.
We have less snow than usual.
May the new year bring you happiness!
Let's eat out tonight.
Can you come for dinner tonight?
The President is to speak on television this evening.
Could you call me tonight, please?
She will be here this evening.
It's convenient for me to see you at ten tonight.
How about playing chess tonight?
I got an invitation to a party tonight that I know would be a lot of fun but I have to be in my best form for tomorrow's meeting so I had to turn it down.
We're having a party this evening.
I'd rather not go out this evening.
It is going to be cold tonight.
What are you doing tonight?
Thanks for coming over tonight.
The train is very crowded this evening.
I'm going out with Lisa tonight.
It's going to rain this evening.
How about going to see a movie tonight?
Are you free tonight?
I'm seeing her this evening.
I'm planning to study tonight.
Can you make it to our usual place at 7:00 p.m. tonight?
Do you want to have sushi tonight?
I have no place to sleep tonight.
Will you go to the party tonight?
Who is going to speak tonight?
I have a reservation for tonight.
I bet it's fine tonight.
I will put up at my friend's tonight.
I'm invited to Claudia's party tonight.
Let's stay here tonight.
I had a good time this evening.
I'm afraid it'll rain tonight.
I'm free tonight.
How about eating out this evening for a change?
The heavens are bright with stars tonight.
We have plenty of time tonight.
It's likely to snow this evening.
Will it snow tonight?
May I go to the movies tonight?
We take great pleasure in meeting all of you this evening.
What do you say to dining out tonight?
How about eating out this evening?
How about dining out tonight?
I'll ring you up tonight.
Mike is coming to dinner this evening.
I anticipate that there will be trouble.
We promised to stand by him in case of trouble.
The trouble is that I can't remember where I parked the car.
The trouble is that we have no money.
I was walking along the crowded street when all at once I heard a shrill cry.
I'm feeling the breath of life.
The soul animates the body.
Sadako Sasaki died on October 25, 1955.
Are you going out with Sachiko?
May I speak to Mr. Sato?
Take the road on the left.
Turn to the left.
We have no sugar.
How much sugar do you use?
Is there any sugar?
Sugar melts in hot water.
Why don't you sit down and relax?
There was no choice but to sit and wait.
Sit down, Kate.
This is a comfortable chair.
There's no chair to sit upon.
I booked a seat.
There is little chance of my meeting him again.
Men and women between the ages of 25 and 54 have the most stressful lives.
The quickest means of travel is by plane.
At worst, I will get an average mark.
It is necessary to prepare for the worst.
The worst is over.
Where is the nearest station?
Where is the nearest police station?
Where's the nearest subway station?
I haven't been getting enough sleep lately.
Recently I moved to another apartment.
I haven't seen Tom lately.
A recent survey shows that the number of smokers is decreasing.
The recent shortage of coffee has given rise to a lot of problems.
Modern ships only need a small crew.
I've been coming to work one train earlier lately.
I see little of my father these days.
Nowadays many people travel by car.
Nowadays nobody believes in ghosts.
I've got little time for reading these days.
Have you seen any movies lately?
These days I'm very busy.
My vision is getting worse these days.
You've been late for school more often than before.
Have you heard from him recently?
Have you been in contact with him recently?
Have you heard from her recently?
Justice will prevail in the end.
The last train has already gone.
At first, he could not speak English at all.
First off, I'd like you to come with me to a department store sale.
I remember the first time.
The first attack missed the target.
Turn left at the first light.
Take the first street to the right.
At first many things seemed different, but I soon got involved in my new life.
No one believed me at first.
I didn't recognize him at first.
I didn't believe him at first.
It is very expensive to keep up with the latest fashions.
I will do my best.
If you do your best, you will succeed.
Mark your maximum efforts.
A man whose wife is dead is called a widower.
Jim sometimes has disagreements with his wife.
My wife has just cleared the table.
A string of disasters struck the region.
Love me lithe, love me long.
Love me lithe, love me long.
Remember to cross your t's.
Can you recommend any vegetarian dishes?
My wallet and passport are missing.
There was no money left in my wallet.
I have no more money in my wallet.
It occurred to me that I had left my purse at home.
With respect to financial matters, Mr Jones knows more than anyone else in the company.
Which of the composers do you like best?
I built an amplifier yesterday.
Yesterday I wrote to Ellen.
As I returned from school yesterday, I was caught in a sudden shower.
I called at my uncle's house yesterday.
Who was it that broke the window yesterday?
Was it cloudy in Tokyo yesterday?
Was it cloudy in Tokyo yesterday?
She was sick in bed yesterday.
A big earthquake occurred in India yesterday.
It has been cold since yesterday.
I haven't eaten anything since yesterday.
I met Ken yesterday.
It was Mike that bought this racket yesterday.
It was Alice who went to the concert yesterday.
No students went there yesterday.
It was Jack that broke the window yesterday.
We had a lot of rain yesterday.
I went to Disneyland yesterday.
Did you enjoy the party yesterday?
How did Barbara do on her driver's test yesterday?
There was a light rain yesterday.
Were you playing tennis yesterday morning?
It rained hard yesterday morning.
It was very cold yesterday morning.
I had a good time last evening.
Where were you last night?
It was not very cold yesterday.
Did you play tennis yesterday?
Did you play tennis yesterday?
I didn't have time to watch TV yesterday.
It was terribly cold yesterday.
It was so cold yesterday that I stayed home.
I was very busy yesterday.
It rained all day yesterday.
I learned English words by heart all day yesterday.
Did you have a good time yesterday?
Was it cold yesterday?
I missed you very much yesterday.
Yesterday was my seventeenth birthday.
It was hot yesterday.
Thank you very much for the wonderful dinner last night.
We had a heavy rain yesterday.
I wore a hat yesterday because it was very cold.
We had bad weather yesterday.
The weather was very bad yesterday.
Yesterday was Sunday, not Saturday.
I stayed at his place yesterday.
Yesterday was my birthday.
Something must have happened to Bob yesterday.
The engagement of Mr Rogers and Miss Smith was announced yesterday.
What happened to you yesterday?
Don't you know what happened yesterday?
I remember seeing you last year.
We had a lecture on environmental pollution.
I was shocked by yesterday's news.
I had my hair cut at the barber shop yesterday.
There was a big fire last night.
There was a big fire last night.
We had an earthquake last night.
She is wearing the same dress that she had on yesterday.
I can't remember the meaning of the word that I looked up yesterday.
Yesterday I met Mary on the street.
A Mr. Tanaka came to see you yesterday.
If only she had been home when I called yesterday!
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday.
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday.
Did you call him up yesterday?
I went to the hospital yesterday.
I bought a book yesterday.
You should have come yesterday.
Last year, he spent three months at sea.
We enjoyed watching the fireworks on a bridge last summer.
There was a large harvest of peaches last year.
Imports exceeded exports last year.
When I was in London last year, someone broke into my room and stole my wallet.
A fire broke out in my neighborhood last night.
I was very tired last night.
Were you at home last night?
I wrote a love letter last night.
I had a terrible dream last night.
We had a heavy rain last night.
It may have rained a little last night.
Yesterday evening we heard the President talk on television.
I had a horrible dream last night.
I had a pleasant dream last night.
Last night I went to bed late after writing a letter.
There was a big earthquake last night.
Did you watch TV last night?
Did you enjoy yourself at the party last night?
It rained hard last night.
We had a nice time last night.
While I was reading in bed last night, I fell asleep with the light on.
There was a heavy rain last night.
My house was broken into last night.
A fire broke out last night and three houses were burnt down.
Were you out last night?
I studied last night.
The cherry blossoms are at their best.
Cherry blossoms are very beautiful.
It's almost time for the cherry blossoms.
Give me three pieces of salmon.
I'm from Sapporo.
The murder happened between 3 a.m. and 5 a.m.
I can't concentrate on my work because of the noise.
What is the use of reading magazines?
Bring me the magazines.
Weeds sprang up in the garden.
I usually do the dishes.
Would three o'clock be all right?
The three boys had only two dollars among them.
The Mitsubishi Bank merged with the Bank of Tokyo.
I can't find my umbrella anywhere.
Umbrellas sell well.
Did you bring an umbrella with you?
It was very kind of you to lend me an umbrella.
I ask you, he's been cheating me!
There's no membership fee for joining.
The participants were for the most part women.
We're going up into the mountains, so why don't you come with us?
There is an old castle at the foot of the mountain.
There is a village over the mountain.
It is said that the weather on the mountain changes easily.
The mountain was covered with snow.
Mountains are not necessarily green.
Mr. Yamanaka looks young for his age.
You can get a fine view of the sea from the mountaintop.
Miss Yamada is in charge of the 2nd year class this year.
Yamamoto is one of my friends.
It is time you had a haircut!
How about going out for a walk?
I took a walk.
Accuracy is important in arithmetic.
Arithmetic deals with numbers.
All those in favor held up their hands.
The acid ate into the metal.
Acid acts on things which contain metal.
Oxygen and hydrogen make water.
For the other 600 million people, English is either a second language or a foreign language.
I'm sorry I have no pencil to write with.
I'm afraid you can't marry her.
I'm sorry I don't agree with you on that matter.
I'm afraid I must say goodbye.
I'm afraid I can't help you. You must ask someone else.
The work over, we went home.
Collect your thoughts before you begin your work.
The failure in business left me penniless.
How is your business going?
The job is half done.
The job is interesting, and then again, the pay is good.
Are you finished with your work?
I've done half the work, and now I can take a break.
Almost all the work is done now.
I wish I didn't have to work.
We have almost finished our work.
If you quit the job, you'll be burning your bridges.
Did you accomplish the task?
Don't leave your work half finished.
We went all out to get the job done.
Workaholics view holidays as a waste of time.
I add a few finishing touches.
Shake the bottle before using.
The butler announced Mr. and Mrs. Smith.
You don't like sashimi, do you?
History is not his major subject.
I asked Mother to wake me up at four.
I have been walking for over four hours.
Plan your work before you start it.
The driver said that the first bus starts at 6:00 a.m.
What time does the first train leave?
My sister made me a beautiful doll.
My sister made me a beautiful doll.
My sister sometimes makes our dinner.
Compared with her sister, she isn't very punctual.
Say hello to your sister for me.
My sister's work is teaching English.
My sister has a nice piano.
My sister is crazy about tennis.
My sister is cooking in the kitchen.
My sister has made remarkable progress in English.
You should set a good example to your children.
Children want to act like grown-ups.
The children washed their feet.
She took care of the children.
She took care of the children.
The kid is clanging away with his toy.
It is dangerous for children to play near this pond.
The boy fell off the bed.
He did not like children.
Bring your children along.
Don't be so childish.
Some children are playing on the grass.
One of the children left the door open.
Children are fond of cake.
The children already went to school.
The children ran down the hill.
Children are full of energy.
The children went to play in the park.
Children were apt to invent their own games.
The children slid down the bank.
The children were playing in the dirt.
Children love playing on the beach.
I took the children to school.
Let's take the children to the zoo.
Even a child can read this.
Even a child knows right from wrong.
Even a child can understand that.
I always got up early in my childhood.
I used to go fishing with my father when I was a child.
I used to play alone when I was a child.
She could sing well when she was a child.
From childhood I was fond of reading, and all the little money that ever came into my hands was laid out in books.
As a child, he went to Paris three times.
Young tigers resemble cats.
I don't know how to handle children.
They called in a doctor because the child was ill.
As a boy, I used to swim in the pond.
Children grow up so quickly.
You can identify children's voices without any problem.
Children need loving.
Children are to be deceived with comfits and men with oaths.
Children can't swim in this river.
Children should keep away from the river. It's dangerous.
Children don't like to go out in the dark.
Children depend on their parents for food, clothing and shelter.
In general, children are fond of candy.
How many kids do you have?
Children sometimes lack patience.
Children imitate their friends rather than their parents.
Children are poor men's riches.
The child missed his mother very much.
Children should drink milk every day.
Keep children away from the pond.
The children went out to play.
The children were flying kites.
The kids are picking flowers in the garden.
The thunder scared the children.
The children's room is in bad order.
The conflict between blacks and whites in the city became worse.
There is a park in the middle of the city.
The mayor's family was harassed with threatening phone calls all day.
I plan to stay in the city.
I plan to stay in the city.
I'd like a city map.
I applied for a job as a lifeguard at the community pool.
It is easier than I thought.
Freedom of thought is guaranteed by the constitution.
I just cut my finger.
A ring and some cash are missing.
Our branches extend all over the country.
The manager ordered all the rooms to be swept clean as soon as possible.
The manager approved our plan.
I'd like to pay the check, please.
Why don't we stop arguing over these piddling matters and get to the issues at hand?
Stop, or I'll shoot.
I am afraid of dying.
Is death the only release?
Death is often compared to sleep.
Dead men tell no tales.
Dead men tell no tales.
The antiques my father left when he died turned out to be nothing but worthless junk.
I realized then that this awful cellar was the only place that could save our lives.
Have any letters arrived for me?
I hope I will have a chance to see you next time I'm in New York.
If I were you, I would do the same.
I will pay the money to you.
I'll act as a guide for you.
I'm sorry I didn't make myself clear.
Would you like me to help you?
Would you like me to help you?
It's because I was asked to come that I'm here.
It has been ten years since I came here.
Can you help me wash these dishes?
I like this picture, not just because it is famous, but because it really is a masterpiece.
I take full responsibility for the action.
It was in London that I last saw her.
The phone rang while I was taking a shower.
Hang on till I get to you.
The dance had already started when I got there.
That is as much as I dare spend on it.
We were just about to leave when it rained.
The taxi I took was very old and small.
In my point of view, a car does more harm than good.
Please tell John that I called.
The boy I love doesn't love me.
This is the last time I'll ask you to do anything for me.
You know what I mean.
Please help me clean the house.
I sustain my family.
Please stay here till I get back.
My parents had already eaten by the time I got home.
Ken was reading when I came home.
When I came home, Tom was studying.
Were I you, I would study harder.
I'll never forget what you told me.
The girl about whom I told you lives here.
There is no reason that I should give up my plan.
I found the boy fast asleep.
I owe it you that I am still alive.
My father made me what I am.
It was a bag that I lost in the room yesterday.
He would often come to see us when I was a child.
The friend who I thought would pass the exam failed it.
This is the only book I have.
It took me five hours to drive from here to Tokyo.
He arrived after I had left.
The people whom I meet are kind.
I owe my success to him.
It turned out that I was right.
I will never forget your kindness so long as I live.
If I were to tell you all I know, you would be amazed.
She had already gone when I arrived.
When I got up this morning, it was raining.
She had just come home when I called.
He was busy when I called him up.
When I arrived, it was raining.
He waited for me until I arrived.
It was near the river that I lost my way.
I came to Japan to see Kyoto.
They don't know that I'm Japanese.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with him.
I invited him to the party and he accepted.
I will explain it to her.
I wrote the song for her.
As I love her, so she loved me.
He will be my deputy while I am away.
As I entered the room, they applauded.
The moment I held the baby in my arms, it began to cry.
She was out when I called.
In case I forget, please remind me.
Raise your hand when I call your name.
I want you to stay here until I get back.
Please wait until I come back.
The man who I thought was my friend deceived me.
Please don't interrupt me while I'm talking.
There was no one left but me.
No wonder we associate bats with dark places.
The train had already left when we got to station.
It is already ten years since we got married.
We found the boy fast asleep.
It will be snowing when we arrive at Shiga Heights.
The house in which we lived was torn down.
As soon as we are born, the world gets to work on us and transforms us from merely biological into social units.
We arrived to find a huge meal ready for us.
The next morning, to our great relief, he returned home safe and sound.
How about taking a walk with us?
We have lots of things to do.
We have run out of sugar.
Don't forget that we have homework.
We have a lot of problems to deal with.
Sing us a song, please.
Any one of us could do it.
Our club has three times as many members as yours.
You were considerate not to disturb us.
Our team defeated our opponent 5-4.
Who is that boy running toward us?
Our house stands by the road.
Welcome to our home.
We wear uniforms at our school.
Our school has ten classes.
Our school library is small, but new.
Our school begins at eight-thirty.
Our school is ten minutes' walk from here.
Our school is fifty years old.
There are more girls than boys in our school.
Our school is in the center of the town.
He believes that there is a spy among us.
Our plan went wrong from the beginning.
Our hens laid a lot of eggs yesterday.
We call our dog Pochi.
Our task has been easy so far, but it will be difficult from now on.
Our children like dogs, but I prefer cats.
She got in at 9 p.m.
Our math teacher drew a circle on the blackboard.
Our world is getting smaller and smaller.
We heard the echo of our voices from the other side of the valley.
Our teacher has a wonderful sense of humor.
Our teacher comes to school by car.
Why don't you join our party?
It is to your advantage to join us.
I wonder if it will snow in our town this winter.
There is a library in our city.
Let's clean our room.
Our problems are nothing compared to hers.
Our baseball team is very strong.
Our train leaves at eight-thirty.
We were flying about six hours.
We like music.
We study music.
We saw the children enter the room.
We try.
We didn't know what to do next.
We have been good friends for ten years.
We graduate from high school at eighteen.
We had a short vacation in February.
We are both in the same class.
We went camping in August.
We have a party tomorrow evening.
We are going to leave tomorrow.
We are happy to see you again.
We are here in the name of Jesus Christ and King Charles.
We will be together forever.
We'll always be friends.
We associate Egypt with the Nile.
We love each other.
We had a heart-to-heart talk with each other.
We went skiing in Canada.
We went down a river by canoe.
We played soccer yesterday.
We talked about yesterday's test.
We're fed up with your complaining.
We have no school today.
We're classmates.
At Christmas we send Christmas cards to our friends.
We arrived here at six yesterday evening.
We must wash all these dirty plates.
We have overlooked this important fact.
We mustn't give way to these impudent demands.
We saw Jane swimming across the river.
We made friends with Jane.
We had a stopover in Chicago.
We had a chat for a while.
We rested for a while.
I caught up with them soon.
I telephoned her at once.
We have consumed all the natural resources.
We spent happy days there all the summer.
We got on the bus there.
We caught some large fish there.
We enjoyed watching the TV.
We could not tell the twins one from the other.
We will take part in the marathon.
We are supposed to know the rules.
We painted the house green.
We made the most of the opportunity.
We took part in the discussion.
We were surprised at the sight.
We saw the child get on the bus.
We gave blood to help the child.
We were surprised to hear the news.
We named the cat Mimi.
We sat in the center of the room.
We enjoyed watching the baseball game.
We had a heated discussion about it.
We knew it all along.
We took strong measures to prevent it.
It happens that we have the same birthday.
We had a good time playing chess.
We watched the soccer game on TV.
We can hardly imagine our daily life without television.
We are watching TV.
We painted the door green.
We sometimes swim in the lake.
We didn't know which bus to take.
We enjoyed ourselves very much.
We had a good time playing cards.
We use chopsticks in place of knives and forks.
We came through a busy street.
We go to school by bus.
We usually have breakfast at 7:30.
We look forward to seeing you again.
We will know the truth before long.
All of us like you very much.
We all hope for peace.
We all caught flu, and so did the teacher.
Do you mind our leaving a little earlier?
We used to play in the park.
We often compare Japan with Britain.
We had dinner at a restaurant.
We have to turn in our reports by the end of this month.
We flew from London to New York.
We will reach London before dark.
We enjoyed singing songs together.
We generally drink tea after a meal.
We are flying above the clouds.
We enjoyed listening to the music.
We must have something to live for.
We managed to get some foreign stamps.
We must keep up the family traditions.
We asked Hanako to play the piano.
All of us talk in English.
We learn English at school.
We had an early lunch at school.
We live in the neighborhood of the school.
We met in front of the school.
We must go to school.
We bought a round table.
We're willing to help you.
We must conform to the rules.
We started a campaign against smoking.
We climbed a sharp slope.
We wish to invite Peter to Japan in the near future.
We hurried to the airport only to miss the plane.
We met her by accident.
We require your help.
We will become happy in the long run.
It is thirty years since we married.
We enjoyed swimming in the lake.
We walked along the shore of the lake.
We set a trap to catch a fox.
We met at two in the afternoon.
We talked and talked until the day broke.
We happened to meet her in the park.
We got together in the park.
We ran around the park.
We took a walk in the park.
I have a black and a white dog.
We'll go on a picnic next Sunday.
We had an examination in mathematics today.
We are to meet him at seven this evening.
We are prepared for the worst.
We were able to catch the last train.
We played tennis yesterday.
We played basketball yesterday.
We had a fire drill yesterday.
We worked on a farm last summer.
We went to the movies last night.
We had a good time last night.
We didn't go out last night. We could have gone to the movies, but we decided to stay home.
We had three tries and failed each time.
We went halfway up the mountain.
We spread out and began to search through the woods.
We bought some vegetables and fish at the market.
We made an appeal for support.
We lost the game.
We should always wear a seatbelt in case we have an accident.
We study according to the schedule.
We go fishing once in a while.
We hear with our ears.
We must learn to live in harmony with nature.
We should try to avoid imposing our own beliefs on others.
We loaded a lot of luggage into the car.
We got behind the car and pushed.
We gather here once a week.
We are looking for a nice house to live in.
We need not only adequate water but clean water.
We went out and never returned.
We made friends with at least ten Americans.
We found many strange plants in a botanical garden.
We are badly in need of food.
We lost our way in the woods.
We went for a walk in the forest.
We need food, clothes and a home in order to live.
We were in danger of losing our lives.
We kept quiet.
We're friends from way back.
We're friends from way back.
We had a snowball fight.
We enjoyed swimming in the river.
We took a walk along the river.
We were all tired.
We have to fix the date for our trip quickly.
We made statues out of wood.
We were more or less disappointed about the election.
We use a lot of water every day.
We played basketball in the gym.
We ate sandwiches for breakfast.
We left home early in the morning.
We grow vegetables in our garden.
We were waiting for the shop to open.
We wear wool in winter.
We have been to Tokyo many times.
We go to the same school.
We're the same age.
We go to the South of France for a change of air.
We often play cards on Sunday.
We will stay here until Sunday.
We have a cat. We are all fond of it.
We have a cat. We are all fond of it.
We get together once a year.
We stayed overnight in Hakone.
We suspect him of telling a lie.
We believed him to be innocent.
We let him keep the dog.
We showed him some pictures of London.
We should have taken his advice.
We made friends with them.
We invited him to our house.
We kept them quiet.
To what degree can we trust him?
We elected him chairman.
We gave him up for dead.
We made every effort to help him.
We thought it dangerous for her to go alone.
We are anxious about her safety.
We were deeply moved by her story.
We elected her captain of our team.
We elected her chairperson.
We went to the station to see her off.
We went swimming at the beach.
We usually sleep in this room.
We usually sleep in this room.
We were just about to enter the room.
We are anxious for peace.
We go to school to study.
We arrived at a small town in Hokkaido.
We play football every Saturday.
We used to go skating every weekend.
We watch TV every day.
We take a bath every day.
We got lost in the fog.
We are anxious about our daughter's health.
We're going to discuss the problem tomorrow.
We are leaving early tomorrow morning.
We have no school tomorrow.
We're old friends.
We're old friends.
We are leaving Japan next month.
We will visit our teacher next week.
We will have learned English for five years next year.
We are good friends.
Of us all, Tom was by far the best swimmer.
If you can put up with us, put us up.
There must be some misunderstanding between us.
She gave me a smile of recognition.
Speaking.
Can I be of any service to you?
Can I be of any service to you?
You and I have something in common.
If you have not paid because you are displeased with something we have done, would you tell us what it is?
We have more customers than we can count.
We have two daughters.
We have two daughters.
We want to clear up this problem.
We are doing business with many countries.
Will you go shopping with me?
Come along with me.
Would you mind coming with me?
I agreed with him on the plan.
I have much in common with him.
I always get along well with him.
Love me, love my dog.
Will you sell your car to me?
Please tell me your phone number.
Can you lend me some money?
Don't ask me for money.
Please answer this question for me.
Play Chopin for me.
Please let me try the game.
As for me, I am satisfied.
There's nothing I can do about it.
I don't have any sisters.
I don't see what he says.
I have three cousins.
I have five sons. Two of them are engineers, another is a teacher and the others are students.
It is difficult for me to get up before six.
I have eight brothers and sisters.
I have a friend who works for NASA.
I have a friend who lives in England.
Don't mind me.
It's all Greek to me.
It's all Greek to me.
It's all Greek to me.
It is difficult for me to read the book.
That was all Chinese to me.
I can't afford a car.
I have several good friends.
I have a friend living in London.
It doesn't make sense to me.
I find it much easier to speak French than English.
I have nothing to say.
You are everything to me.
I have no time.
I cannot afford to buy a car.
I am free of debt.
I don't have the courage to ask my boss to lend me his car.
I can't afford to buy a new car.
I don't have any change.
I have two children away at university.
I can't afford to rent a house like this in Tokyo.
I can seldom find time for reading.
I have a friend living in Nara.
I have two daughters and two sons.
I can't make out what he wants.
I had no idea who she was.
I have nothing to complain about.
I have a friend whose father is a magician.
I have a friend whose father is a magician.
I have a friend whose father is a teacher.
I have a friend whose father is a famous novelist.
I have no friend to talk with.
Give me some milk, too.
Give me the same, please.
As far as I could make out, he was experimenting with new methods.
Don't talk to me!
Please advise me what to do.
I am responsible for the mistake.
As far as I'm concerned, things are going well.
Please tell me your name.
Please tell me your name.
Let me help you with your work.
Don't forget to write to me.
Do you wish me to help?
Follow me.
Please give me a glass of water.
Bring me a glass of water.
He made me a suit.
My apartment is located within five minutes' walk of the station.
My house looks to the south.
My cousin, who is a lawyer, is in France at present.
Who was it that read my diary while I was out?
My nephew is allergic to eggs.
My grandfather gets up early.
My grandfather is a carpenter.
My uncle works in this office.
My uncle comes to see me from time to time.
My uncle lives in an apartment.
My uncle lived abroad for many years.
My uncle is possessed of great wealth.
My aunt grows tomatoes in her garden.
My big sister washes her hair every morning.
My mother is beautiful.
My canary was killed by a cat.
What have you done with my bag?
Something's wrong with my camera.
Something's wrong with my camera.
My camera is different from yours.
My camera is a Nikon.
My camera doesn't need to be fixed.
My coach said, "Failure teaches success."
There's a hole in my coat.
Do you remember me?
Please keep an eye on my suitcase.
I can't find my suitcase.
I sat by his side.
Sit beside me.
Would you like to come to my party?
You can have a ride on my motorcycle.
Everybody was singing except me.
I found your house with difficulty.
Do it your own way if you don't like my way.
My radio has broken down again.
My comment sparked off an argument in the group.
My opinion is different from yours.
My opinion is entirely different from yours.
My opinion is similar to yours.
My favorite pastime is strolling along the shore.
Even if my house catches fire it would soon be put out.
My house is fully insured.
There is a school near my house.
There is a park near my house.
There is a beautiful park near my home.
There is a bookstore in front of my house.
A tall building was built next to my house.
My house is a long way from here.
My house is just across the street.
My house is close to a bus stop.
My house is near the station.
My house is near the station.
My house is only five minutes' walk from the station.
My house is old and ugly.
My house is close to the park.
My house is big.
My house has a small yard.
Did you have any difficulty in finding my house?
There are four people in my family.
I have a large family.
My baggage is missing.
What did you do with my baggage?
There are seven men and four women in my section.
My town is by the sea.
My school has a band.
One of my pleasures is watching TV.
My briefcase is full of papers.
Have you seen my glasses anywhere?
The telephone on my desk rang persistently and loudly.
My memory failed me. I just could not remember his name.
My legs still hurt.
My interest quickened.
I can't find my shoes.
He is my brother.
My brother lives in a small village.
Both of my brothers are married.
My brother is now in Australia.
My brother wants to study abroad.
My brother became an engineer.
My older brother is a teacher.
My brother was killed in a traffic accident.
My brother can drive a car.
My brother is holding a camera in his hand.
My elder brother finished his homework very quickly.
My brother is good at mathematics.
My brother is a college student.
My brother goes to college in Tokyo.
He looks older than my brother.
According to my experience, it takes one year to master French grammar.
My plan is to study in Australia.
My plan is visiting old castles in Scotland.
My plan is to buy a car.
My dog follows me wherever I go.
My dog goes everywhere with me.
Don't worry about my dog. He won't do you any harm.
My dogs are white.
Correct me if I am mistaken.
Please answer me.
I mean it.
Please listen to me.
What I said hurt his pride.
You see what I mean?
I find it difficult to express my meaning in words.
Add a little more milk to my tea, please.
In my opinion, you are wrong.
My idea went against his.
My country is far away from Japan.
There is milk all over the kitchen floor because my wife broke the bottle.
My wife is always finding fault with me.
My wife told me to do away with this old hat.
My wife is Chinese.
My wife is Chinese.
Please find me my wallet.
I had my composition corrected by the teacher.
I need some help with my work.
My job is taking care of the baby.
My job is to wash dishes.
Both of my sisters are not married.
Both of my sisters are married.
My sister sings songs very well.
My sister is shorter than you.
My sister married her high school classmate.
My sister goes to a university.
My sister became a college student.
My sister usually walks to school.
My sister plays the piano every day.
My child dislikes the dentist.
From my point of view, Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
My business has at last gotten on the right track.
My business has at last gotten on the right track.
My office is on the fifth floor.
My watch has been stolen.
It's four o'clock by my watch.
It is ten o'clock by my watch.
My watch is very accurate.
My watch gains one minute a day.
My watch is not correct.
Something is wrong with my watch.
Something is wrong with my watch.
My watch gains five minutes a day.
Something has happened to my car.
My dictionary is very useful.
She made no response to my question.
My car is a Toyota.
My car is at your disposal.
My car is German.
There is something wrong with my car.
There is something wrong with my car.
My primary concern is your safety.
My hobby is playing the guitar.
My hobby is collecting coins.
My hobby is fishing.
My hobby is visiting old temples.
My hobby is collecting old bottles.
My hobby is collecting stamps.
My hobby is making model planes.
My income is a far cry from his.
My uncle lives in New York.
My uncle never writes letters.
My boss has the ability to read books very fast.
Please accept my sincere apologies.
My heart stopped beating.
My heart began to beat fast.
Is my new hair style funny?
My goal in life is to be a novelist.
My life seems unreal.
According to my calculation, she should be in India by now.
I owe my success to his help.
Where is my seat?
Where should I put my laundry?
My grandfather died when I was boy.
My grandfather lived to be ninety.
My grandfather is fond of taking a walk early in the morning.
My grandfather lived a long life.
Thank you for the present you gave my son.
My son is engaged to his secretary.
My son is going to leave for France next week.
Will you go in place of me?
Will you go to the party instead of me?
My birthday falls on Sunday.
It is really marvelous of you to remember my birthday.
All that I know is that he gave up the plan.
So far as I know, he is an honest man.
He is an industrious student to the best of my knowledge.
As far as I know, there is nothing wrong with his plan.
As far as I know, the book has never been translated into Japanese.
As far as I know, he is the shortest student in this school.
As far as I know, he has never made such a mistake.
As far as I know, he did nothing wrong.
To the best of my knowledge, she's hard to please.
My advice is predicated on my experience.
If you take my advice, you'll see a doctor.
My brother takes care of our dog.
My brother is a first-year student.
My brother swims every day in summer.
My brother is a high school student.
My brother is as tall as me.
My land abuts on the river.
See if my answer is correct.
Can you tell my age?
Can you tell my age?
My hair is as long as Jane's.
My hair is longer than Jane's is.
My hair curls easily.
You've cut my hair too short.
My first impression of him proved to be correct.
My boyfriend is a journalist.
My father was no less affectionate and tender to me than my mother was.
My father got married in his twenties.
My father is fifty years old.
My father died of cancer.
My father neither smokes nor drinks.
My father likes pizza very much.
My father is not home yet.
My father is a doctor.
My father is an office worker.
My father tries to abstain from drinking.
My father likes traveling by air.
My father died four years ago.
My father insisted that I should go to see the place.
My father sometimes goes abroad.
My father began jogging last month.
My father has been engaged in foreign trade for many years.
My father is an electric engineer.
My father doesn't drink so much sake.
My father goes to church on Sunday.
My father grew old.
My father drives a very old car.
My father is so old that he is hard of hearing.
My father can fly an airplane.
My father is suffering from a cold.
My father is busy.
My father takes a walk every day.
My father is retiring next spring.
My father died three years ago, that is to say in 1977.
There are many books in my room.
There is no TV in my room.
I have a magazine in my room.
You are always to knock before entering my room.
You are always to knock before you come into my room.
Don't come into my room.
My apartment is on the fourth floor.
My room is twice as large as yours.
My room is just below.
My room is very small.
My room is very small.
My room is very untidy. I must put it in order.
My room is three times as large as yours.
My room is comfortable, if it is a little small.
My room is an inviolable refuge.
My room looks out on the street.
My room faces the garden.
My room faces east.
As my room faces south, it is not so cold even in winter.
My room faces south, which makes it sunny and very comfortable.
My room is upstairs on the left.
My room is twice as big as his.
I'll show you my room.
May I see the room, please?
I have all suits made to order.
My clothes were dirty with oil.
Mine is not so good as yours.
My ex-husband no longer lives in this city.
Don't disturb me while I'm studying.
Don't disturb me while I'm studying.
My mother can play golf very well.
My mother doesn't like watching TV.
My mother likes tea very much.
My mother does not speak English.
My mother has good handwriting.
My mother plays the piano well.
My mother gets up early in the morning.
My mother grows flowers in her garden.
My mother gets up early every morning.
My mother almost never complains.
My mother is busy cooking supper.
My mother is a very good cook.
My mother is a very good cook.
My mother tongue is Japanese.
My mother tongue is Japanese.
I'm so proud of my boys.
My hat is bigger than Jim's.
Where's my book?
My real address is as follows.
My sister's name is Patricia.
My sister resembles my grandmother.
My sister got married in her teens.
My sister married a doctor.
My sister lives near Yokohama.
My sister went to Kobe yesterday.
My sister takes piano lessons twice a week.
My sister washes her hair every morning.
My sister is famous.
My dream is to become a pilot.
My dream is to make it as an actor in Hollywood.
My dream is to be a doctor.
My dream is to become a teacher.
My daughter is to get married in June.
My daughter is in her late teens.
My daughter wants a piano.
My name doesn't appear on the list.
I was called into the office first, my name being at the head of the list.
My friend George is coming to Japan this summer.
A friend of mine is studying abroad.
Some of my friends can speak English well.
My friend has had three jobs in a year; he never sticks to anything for long.
None of my friends drink coffee.
My friends don't play tennis.
My friend died from a wound.
Did anyone call me while I was out?
Did anyone come in my absence?
Please keep your language decent while my parents are here.
My parents' generation went through the war.
My parents live in the country.
My parents aren't old yet.
Both my parents are at home now.
The man sitting next to me spoke to me.
He caught me by the arm.
I have been to Kyoto twice.
I once worked in a restaurant.
I bought a camera for 30 dollars.
I got this CD player for free.
I have not more than ten books.
I studied English when I was there.
I didn't like beer at that time.
I was in Canada then.
I've forgotten to post the letter.
I found the new magazine very interesting.
I ran as fast as possible.
I ran as fast as possible.
I've just started playing tennis.
I saw an old woman cross the street.
I don't like summer.
I felt like crying.
I am 30 years old now.
I went to every modern art show that took place in Tokyo last year.
I have a car.
I like spring the best.
I am a student.
I went fishing last Monday.
I lost my camera the other day.
I'm used to getting up early.
I majored in philosophy at my university.
I'm a junior high school student.
I am in the habit of taking a shower in the morning.
I objected to his paying the bill.
We did not expect him to finish the task in so short a time.
I exchanged stamps with him.
I can't help admiring his talent.
I usually eat out.
I remember my mother teaching me the alphabet.
I wrote a letter to my mother.
I sometimes dream of my mother.
I delight in going to the apple orchard each fall.
I like the cold.
I learned to play guitar when I was ten years old.
I went to sleep about 10 o'clock.
I waited for him till ten.
I lived abroad for ten years.
I visited Fukuoka ten years ago.
I was born in Hiroshima in 1945.
I was born on April 3, 1950.
I was born on March 22, 1962.
I was born in Tokyo in 1968.
I was born on October 10, 1972.
I was born on the twenty-second of June in 1974.
I was born in 1979.
I have been in Kobe since 1980.
I have lived in Tokyo since 1985.
I bought five books a month.
I gave them one thousand yen each.
I had been reading for an hour.
I live in this house by myself.
I'm old enough to live by myself.
I like to travel alone.
I take a bath every other day.
I cannot do without this dictionary even for a single day.
I spent the whole day in reading the novel.
I waited for him all day long.
I can type 50 words a minute.
I asked twenty people to my party but not all of them came.
I asked twenty friends to the party.
I studied for more than two hours, and afterward I went to bed.
I have been studying for two hours.
I arrived in Kobe around two thirty.
I quit smoking two years ago.
I came to Japan two years ago.
I lived in Sasayama two years ago.
I cannot afford a camera above 300 dollars.
I have lived here for thirty years.
I received a letter three months later.
I have visited Kyoto three times.
I have an appointment at 3.
I had a bite at around 3 o'clock.
I first met him three years ago.
I have been studying English for four years.
I arrived here about five o'clock.
I got up about five.
I don't know any of the five ladies.
I have only five thousand yen.
I have been living in Canada for almost five years.
I hope to retire from work when I'm 60 years old.
I'll stay there till six o'clock.
I'll be back at seven o'clock.
I have breakfast at seven.
I ate breakfast at eight.
I have an appointment at 8 o'clock.
I'll be sixteen in September.
I'll be sixteen in September.
I will finish my homework by nine.
I don't have a CD player, but I bought the CD anyway.
I was in an IAA meeting.
I never have an ice cream without feeling happy.
I foolishly imagined that he was going to help me.
I am taking tomorrow afternoon off.
I've got to finish this essay by tomorrow.
I want to eat apple pie.
I'm looking forward to your visit.
I know that you live here.
I know how old you are.
I want the same jacket as you are wearing.
I think that you do know about that.
I saw you driving your new car.
I don't like the way you laugh at her.
I disagree with you.
Hope to see you next time I'm in N.Y.
I'm as tall as you.
I have the same trouble as you have.
I will play the guitar for you.
I never dreamed of seeing you here.
I'm glad to see you again.
Every time I see you, I think of your mother.
I will show you the picture.
I thank you.
I have some pictures to show you.
I want you to come back early.
I want you to open the window.
I'll tell you the truth.
I can understand you to some extent.
I can't imagine life without you.
I want to see your mother.
I think of you all the time.
I agree with your opinion.
I have no objection to your plan.
I am convinced of your innocence.
I'll never forget your kindness.
I have four times more CDs than you do.
I look to you for help.
I'll be your first patient.
I don't want to get you into trouble.
I'm not as tall as you.
I am not so fond of music as you are.
I'm three years younger than you.
I am shorter than you.
I took you for Mrs. Brown.
I didn't greet you because I mistook you for somebody else.
I cannot see you without thinking of your late father.
I'm looking for you.
I bought that car.
I got scolded severely by that teacher.
I had words with the manager of that store, because he refused to refund my money for the TV set that wasn't operating properly.
I bet ten dollars on that horse.
I know those tall girls quite well.
I will not borrow money from those people.
I'm too sleepy to do my homework.
I don't drink much wine.
I have never gone to America.
I had to go to America.
He wants to go to America.
I like reading American novels.
I want to go to America.
I have never been to the States.
I am an American.
I'm Alan Tate, Terry Tate's son.
I don't care for Alice.
I made friends with a student from abroad.
I'm looking for an old man.
I know what that is.
I ran away in a hurry.
I've never met such a kind man.
I made Ann a doll.
I thought of a good idea.
I have just returned from Britain.
I ordered several books from England.
I visited many parts of England.
I want to go to America someday.
I wish to visit Egypt someday.
I will be a doctor someday.
I always try to tell the truth.
I want to go to Africa someday.
I usually have dinner at seven.
I got up early as usual.
I usually go to school by bus.
I was always good at English.
I was always good at English.
I go to the country every summer.
I always eat out.
I always keep a dictionary close at hand.
I'm always busy with my homework.
I am constantly forgetting names.
I'm always forgetting people's names.
I always have two cups of coffee in the morning.
I'm busy all the time.
I always have trouble remembering names.
I have always kept my word.
I always rest for an hour after dinner.
I tried many things but failed after all.
I ordered the book from England.
I almost forgot all about that.
I'm accustomed to sleeping in a room without air conditioning.
I was abducted by aliens.
I have a big dog.
I visited American friends in Oakland.
I've been to Australia three times.
I've never been to my uncle's house.
I'm staying at my aunt's.
I prefer grapefruits to oranges.
I know that money isn't everything.
I know that money isn't everything.
I'm short of money.
I don't care for green tea.
I like tea.
I like coffee better than tea.
I played catch with my father.
I prefer hardwood floors to carpet.
I'm having a great time in Canada.
I know an English teacher who comes from Canada.
I vaguely remember meeting him.
I want to play the guitar.
I'd like to be a guitarist.
I am not used to hard work.
I saw Christine here yesterday.
I bought this printer yesterday.
I visited my friend Tom yesterday.
I studied for a while this morning.
I am looking forward to Christmas.
I explained the reason in detail.
I allowed Kate to go home.
I cut myself shaving this morning.
I saw Bob this morning.
I can run faster than Ken.
I want to have a cup of coffee.
I like coffee very much.
I don't put sugar in my coffee.
I had two cups of coffee.
I spilled my coffee on the carpet.
I've worked here for ten years.
I've worked here for ten years.
I've worked here for ten years.
I was asked to wait here.
I will wait for my sister here.
I used to swim here every day.
I have lived here for ten years.
I have not eaten anything for the last three days.
I am a stranger here.
I bought this camera for 25,000 yen.
I am not concerned with this affair.
I am not concerned with this affair.
I feel very lonely these days.
I feel very lonely these days.
I don't know how to operate this computer.
I'm not accustomed to such treatment.
This song is familiar to me.
I couple this song with his name.
I am a student of this school.
I am determined to carry out this plan.
I agree with you on this issue.
I don't know what this word means.
I am very busy these days.
I want this work finished by five.
I want this work done by next Thursday.
I'll give these kittens to whoever likes cats.
I am familiar with this subject.
I don't want to be involved in this affair.
I bought this watch at the store.
I was given this watch by my uncle.
I want to mend this watch.
I got this bicycle for nothing.
I chose this dictionary of my own accord.
I want to buy this dictionary.
I want to buy this dictionary.
I can't put up with this smell.
I grew up in this small town.
I was the happiest man on earth.
I'd like to swim in this river.
I was unable to leave home last Saturday, with my mother being ill.
I have been busy since last Sunday.
I went to the park last Sunday.
I don't agree with you on this point.
I agree with you on this point.
I got this vacuum cleaner for nothing.
I am familiar with this neighborhood.
I bought this hat for 2000 yen.
I found this book interesting from beginning to end.
I paid 800 yen for this book.
I think this book is easy.
I can recommend this book to you.
I bought this book at Maruzen Bookstore.
I have a high opinion of this book.
It took me half an hour to work out this problem.
I am interested in this story.
I want a box in which to keep these toys.
I don't like any of these records.
I am very interested in these stories.
I wanted to go to the concert.
I bought two tickets for a concert.
I wear contact lenses.
I've got to stop eating such sweet ice cream.
I don't like being treated like this.
I can't drink coffee as sweet as this.
I don't know much about computers.
I have a computer.
I have to get my computer repaired.
I had my wallet stolen.
I'm good at soccer.
I can play soccer.
I love watching soccer games.
I bought a bottle of salad oil.
I visited the house in which Shakespeare was born.
I have the complete works of Shakespeare.
I shook hands with Jane.
I followed the deer's tracks.
I'm reading a novel by Sidney Sheldon.
I have often listened to the music.
I often played tennis with her.
I want some potatoes.
I like jazz music.
I want to play tennis with Judy.
I saw Julie off at the airport.
Never did I dream that George would cheat me.
I want to join Joe's group.
I had Mr Jones correct my composition.
I can play Chopin.
I bought John an album.
I can't trust John with my car.
I was surprised at John's death.
I made John happy.
I heard Jill play the piano.
I'm not about to marry Suzie.
I put my suitcase in the trunk.
I looked for him in the supermarket.
I'm good at skiing.
I'm not quite well.
I have already finished the job.
I am writing a draft of the speech.
I like May the best of all the months.
I could answer all the questions.
I could answer all the questions.
I couldn't answer all the questions.
I want to be a sport reporter.
I bought two pairs of trousers.
I met a certain Mr Smith.
I have known Miss Smith for nine years.
I almost didn't meet her.
I didn't have more than 1,000 yen.
I was mistaken for a salesman.
I think so.
I saw a strange woman there.
I'm glad I was there.
I don't want to go there. He doesn't want to go either.
I regret going there.
I confessed to stealing the money.
I want to buy the dress.
I was very much surprised at the news.
I could hardly believe my ears when I heard the news.
I was very surprised to hear the news.
I met a Smith at the party.
I will not attend the party.
I filled the bucket with water.
I got the roller skates for nothing.
I hurried to the house only to find it empty.
I heard the song sung in French.
I am willing to attend the meeting.
I'm going to attend the meeting.
I paid double the sum.
I felt that the plan was unwise.
I am quite ignorant of the plan.
I spoke with him about the matter.
I don't know how to spell the word.
I can't tell you how to pronounce the word.
I got injured in the traffic accident.
I am familiar with the author's name.
I found the work very interesting.
I got tired with the work.
I had nothing to do with that incident.
It is impossible for me to finish the work in an hour.
I must excuse myself from the task, because I am unequal to it.
I was unable to complete the task.
I do not know how to use it.
I had to look after the children.
I was asked to umpire the game.
I explained the matter to him.
I took the fact for granted.
I was aware of that fact.
I was watching TV then.
I don't want to participate in the ceremony.
I was able to answer the question.
I thought the questions were easy.
I got acquainted with the chief executive.
The car overtook me.
I think of the woman as a journalist.
I asked the boy to throw the ball back.
I was amazed at the fluency with which the boy spoke French.
I can swim across the river.
I met him on the previous day.
I can open the window.
I must make up for the loss.
I caught the man stealing the money.
I remember the man's face but I can't call his name to mind.
I was glad at the news.
I got up at five that morning.
I didn't know the city, and what's more, I couldn't speak a word of the language.
I threw a stone at the bird.
I bought a hat at the store.
I agreed with him on that point.
I spent Saturday afternoon watching entirely too much TV.
I was only a seven-year-old girl at that time.
I know the name of this animal.
I bet five pounds on the horse.
I have nothing to do with that crime.
I have nothing to do with the crime.
I paid two thousand yen for the book.
I paid 3 dollars for the book.
I should read the book.
I must give back the book to him by tomorrow.
I don't want to be involved in that matter.
I attempted to solve the problem.
I am thinking about that matter.
I can solve the problem by myself.
I gave careful consideration to the problem.
I got up early so as to be in time for the train.
I believe that story.
I don't know if it is true.
I think it true.
I asked each boy three questions.
I am not certain about that.
I believe it is a genuine Picasso.
I ordered those books from Germany.
I bought it for ten dollars.
I completely forgot it.
I bought it at a department store.
I will give it a try.
I saw it with my own eyes.
I saw it with my own eyes.
I gave it to the little boy.
I have several dozens of them.
I didn't mean to keep it secret.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I am supremely glad to hear it.
I will finish it by tomorrow afternoon.
I bought it for about twelve dollars.
I am not in the least interested in such a thing.
I can't bring myself to do such a thing.
I'm not in the least afraid of it.
Never did I expect to see her in such a place.
I usually go to bed before ten.
I usually got to bed about eleven.
I usually go home at four.
I usually walk to school.
I usually walk to school.
I always take a bath before going to bed.
I mostly have fruit for breakfast.
I generally walk to school.
I generally walk to school.
I usually take a bath after dinner.
I can swim very fast.
I have a lot of flowers. Some are red and some are yellow.
I have to do a lot of things.
I have many books.
I have a lot of pictures.
I was waiting for a taxi.
I only took a bite of bread.
I have no more than ten English textbooks.
I spent no more than three dollars.
I stood waiting for a bus.
I came to the conclusion that I had been deceived.
I can eat anything but onions.
I became aware of someone looking at me.
Who do you think I am?
I am beginning to remember it.
I met him just as he was coming out of school.
I only happened to pass here just now.
I have just washed all the dishes.
I am just going for a walk.
I have finished my homework.
I have just eaten lunch.
I've just finished breakfast.
I like chocolate.
He ate a box of chocolates.
I have a book about fishing.
I hid under the table.
I'll come as often as possible.
I walked as slowly as I could.
I'll drive to Detroit.
I can play tennis.
I like tennis.
I'm good at tennis.
I'm a member of the tennis club.
I know the girl playing tennis.
I played tennis.
I played tennis.
I am going to play tennis.
I can't afford to play tennis.
I am a member of the tennis club.
I don't think television will take the place of books.
I play video games.
I watched the basketball game on TV.
After I watched TV, I went to bed.
I'm tired of watching television.
I'm tired of watching television.
I think of watching TV as a waste of time.
As for me, I have no objection.
I can read German, but I can't speak it.
I can read German, but I can't speak it.
I didn't know what to do.
I didn't know what to do.
I finally persuaded him to buy it.
I managed to catch the last train.
I don't know how to swim.
I see him in the library now and then.
I feel sad every now and then.
I feel sad every now and then.
Where am I?
Where am I?
I'll follow you wherever you go.
I want to see him very much.
I'm very thirsty.
I'm very happy.
I'm very happy.
I'm very happy.
I have so many clothes I don't know what to wear tomorrow.
I found Tony.
I asked Tony a question.
I don't belong to any club.
I don't like the taste of tomatoes.
I'm not responsible for what Tom did.
I sat between Tom and John.
I lent Tom and Paula my camera.
I asked Tom to close the door.
I asked Tom to play the guitar.
I asked Tom to open the window.
I called Tom up.
I asked Tom about his new book.
I thought that Tom was kind.
I'm opposed to any type of war.
I asked Nancy to stay at home.
I've never been to New York, and my sister hasn't, either.
I'd like to live in New York.
I know every inch of New York.
I would like to visit New York.
I have a cat and a dog. The cat is black and the dog is white.
I had a good time at the party.
I had a good time at the party.
I'm not going to go to the party.
I poured water into the bucket.
I love watching basketball.
I don't go to school by bus.
I had my wallet stolen on the bus.
I had my purse stolen in the bus.
I have to make money to buy a personal computer.
I have been in Paris.
The longer I stayed in Paris, the more I liked it.
I wish to go to Hawaii.
I can't play the piano, but she can.
I like playing the piano.
I do not play the piano.
I do not play the piano.
I never touch beer.
I cut myself while shaving.
I pigged out on pizza.
I buy a videotape.
I'm suffering from a bad headache.
I'm afraid to go alone.
I left the window open all through the night.
I am good friends with Bill.
I usually go to school by bicycle.
I had my leg hurt while playing football.
I got acquainted with her in France.
I love French films.
I cannot read French.
I can't speak French.
I am very interested in French.
I want to learn French.
I am going to major in French.
I hid myself under the bed.
I'm Helen Cartwright's daughter.
I had lost my pen.
I had lost my pen.
I'm looking for my pen.
I bought a pen, but I lost it.
I have lost my pen.
I have lost my pen.
I bought two bags of popcorn.
I don't want to share the hotel room with a stranger.
I canceled my hotel reservation.
I am almost 180 centimeters tall.
I have little money with me.
I have little money with me.
I take a bath almost every day.
I see the dog almost every day.
I asked for Bob's help.
I clapped my hands.
I know that Mike likes basketball.
I asked Mike to help me.
I have not been to New Zealand.
I have not finished my homework yet.
I have not finished my homework yet.
I have not finished breakfast yet.
I haven't eaten breakfast yet.
I haven't eaten breakfast yet.
I have never climbed Mt. Fuji.
I'm still busy.
I have not yet finished my supper.
I cannot swim at all.
I found the key underneath the mat.
I gave it to my mommy.
I felt as if I were an uninvited guest.
I was laughed at by everyone.
I know the boy standing over there.
I would rather stay here.
I would rather not go there alone.
I gave Mary a book.
I thanked Mary for her help.
I introduced Mary to my parents.
I've already finished my homework.
I suggested that we should stay there another day.
I have already finished this book.
I can't go any farther.
I can't go any farther.
I've already eaten breakfast.
I have already washed the dishes.
I'm old enough to support myself.
I almost caught the fish.
I am staying for another few weeks.
I am quite all right now.
I have already changed my clothes.
I have already had my breakfast.
I'll be staying here for another three days.
I will not see him any more.
I do not love him any longer.
I do not trust him any longer.
I have already finished dinner.
I made up my mind to study harder.
I was forced to take medicine.
I had a dream about you last night.
I appreciate good music.
I want to go somewhere in Europe.
I decided not to go to Europe.
I'm thinking of going to Europe.
I often go swimming in the river.
I often play tennis after school.
I belong to the sailing club.
I go to bed late at night.
I take a walk at six in the evening.
I was surprised to see a lion.
I heard it on the radio.
I heard it on the radio.
I like to listen to the radio.
I like to listen to the radio.
I like oranges better than apples.
I like to eat apples.
I'd like to go to London.
I arrived in London.
I like Sachiko better than Akiko.
I was sure I had never seen her before.
I used to play badminton, but I don't anymore.
I used to take a walk every morning.
I have met him before.
I asked the doctor some questions.
I'm a doctor.
I decided to be a doctor.
I have complete faith in my doctor.
I bought a book.
I studied for one hour.
I studied for one hour.
I go to the library two or three times a week.
I must return home within a week.
I can't go out, because I was injured a week ago in an accident.
I am an only child.
I can do it by myself.
I walked in the woods by myself.
I met an old woman.
I am accustomed to working hard.
I have never been to America.
I have never been to America.
I'm very tired from working all day.
I got up early enough to catch the first train.
I hurried in order to catch the first train.
I don't want anything to drink.
I don't like drinking.
I am blind in the right eye.
I broke my right leg.
I got my right leg injured.
I went out in spite of the rain.
I don't mind walking in the rain.
I take a walk every day except when it rains.
I always keep my promises.
I am fond of the cinema.
I suggested that we should go to the movies.
I would rather go to the art museum than to the movie theater.
I feel like going to the movies.
I want to live forever.
I want to learn how to swim.
I'm able to swim.
I can swim.
I like English, but I cannot speak well.
I don't like English.
I like English very much.
I was poor at English.
I was poor at English.
I can speak English.
I'm afraid I cannot make myself understood in English.
I got a good grade in English.
I got a good grade in English.
I wrote a letter in English.
I bought a newspaper written in English.
I could make myself understood in English.
I'm fed up with English.
I would like to brush up my English.
I am interested in English.
I would like to improve my English pronunciation.
I intend to devote a few hours a day to the study of English.
I have some English books.
I want to brush up my English.
I want to study English.
I study English an hour every day.
I am good at speaking English.
I cannot speak English, much less German.
I like English Breakfast tea the best.
I took a taxi from the station to the hotel.
I bumped into him at the station.
I am near the station.
I took a cab to the station.
I walked as far as the station.
I got off at the wrong station.
I got off at the wrong station.
I belong to the drama club.
I can't give up smoking.
I bought two dozen pencils.
I lay down to rest.
I live in Yokohama.
I met the prince himself.
I like music, especially classical music.
I am interested in music.
I would like to go to Austria in order to study music.
I felt something moving on my back.
I want to eat something.
I want to buy something to eat.
I prefer working to doing nothing.
I am not frightened of anything.
I saw nothing.
I couldn't think of anything to say.
I don't feel like eating anything.
I can't bring myself to eat anything.
I have nothing to fall back on.
I don't know what time it is.
I went there dozens of times.
I have tried innumerable times to contact him.
I have been here for many years.
I like summer the best.
I like winter better than summer.
I studied in the morning during the summer vacation.
For my part I prefer to stay at home and read a novel.
I have to stay home.
I am in the house.
I want to go home.
I want to go home.
I sold the house to advantage.
I went camping with my family.
I took a picture of my family.
I worked hard in order to support my family.
I can pay no more than $50 a week for rent.
I went home and Bill stayed at the office.
I often spend my leisure time listening to the radio.
I write poems in my free time.
I found out where to buy fruit cheaply.
I like to sing.
I like singing.
I'm good at singing.
I hope to become a singer.
I will have finished reading this book by Tuesday.
I am watering the flowers.
I am watering the flowers.
I need not have watered the flowers. Just after I finished it started raining.
I'm going to exhibit my roses at the flower show.
I am allergic to pollen.
I got bitten by mosquitoes.
I was late for the meeting with the result that I missed the most important part.
I forgot the date of the meeting.
I'll attend the meeting.
I am an office worker.
I must think over the matter before giving my answer.
I spent my vacation at the beach.
I went into the navy.
I am poor at drawing.
I have many friends in foreign countries.
I am thinking of going abroad.
I am learning two foreign languages.
I am learning two foreign languages.
At school I had enjoyed reading Japanese literature in English translation, in particular Soseki's I am a Cat and Kokoro, and Akutagawa's The Nose and Kappa.
I study at school.
I was ten minutes late for school.
I arrived at school on time.
I am a student, but he isn't.
I slipped and fell down the stairs.
I'm a nurse.
I want to be a nurse.
I want to be a nurse.
I can read Spanish easily.
I was at the theater.
I do not like to make mistakes.
I may have made a mistake.
I may have made a mistake.
I may have made a mistake.
I found a beautiful shell on the shore.
I can hardly see without my glasses.
I can read without glasses.
I am Kazuto Iwamoto.
I should have studied harder before the term exams.
I'm not going back.
I have to go home.
I like spring the best of the seasons.
I cannot forbear expressing my doubts.
I don't care for smoking; it's bad for the health.
I was out of town on vacation.
I spent my vacation in Hakone.
I ate a hasty lunch.
I remember last summer's adventure.
I graduated from high school last year.
I like fish.
I was born in Kyoto.
I have a friend who lives in Kyoto.
I graduated from Kyoto University.
I met her at the church.
I'm a teacher.
I'm a teacher.
I was alone in the classroom.
I held my breath in excitement.
I don't like the taste of onions.
I have several silver coins.
I work for a bank.
I have to go to the bank.
I'm going to the bank.
I'm a bank clerk.
I went into the air force.
I waste a lot of time daydreaming.
I'm looking forward to seeing you again.
I do not agree with you at all.
I'd love to come with you.
I agree with you.
How much do I owe you?
I want you to stay here longer.
I want you to read this letter.
I want you to come at once.
I'd like you to go there.
I don't like your going there by yourself.
I know your brother very well.
I met your girlfriend.
I like you very much.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
I like your car.
I like your car.
I need your help.
I have the same dictionary as your brother has.
I agree to your proposal.
I am fully convinced of your innocence.
I cannot follow your logic.
I have ten more pens than you.
I'm much younger than you.
I'm taller than you.
I'd better drive you home.
I have confidence in you.
I caught sight of her in the crowd.
I played tennis with my brother.
I had my brother repair my bicycle.
I had my brother repair my bicycle.
I'm proud of my brother.
I had to change my plans.
I told the policeman what I knew.
I asked a policeman for directions.
I never say what is not true.
I am far from satisfied with the result.
I'm married.
I'm married.
I go to the movies once a month.
I invited Ken, Bill and Yumi.
I lent the record to Ken.
I asked Ken to help me.
I am blessed with good health.
I am blessed with good health.
I stopped smoking for the sake of my health.
I take my health seriously.
I go to the same school as Kenji.
I want to put an end to the quarrel.
I call architecture frozen music.
I tried very hard to put an end to their heated argument.
I went to the hospital to have my eyes tested.
I like dogs very much.
I like dogs, but my sister likes cats.
I saw a dog swim across the river.
I prefer cats to dogs.
I prefer cats to dogs.
I have a dog and two cats.
I keep a dog.
I saw a dog. The dog held a piece of meat in its mouth.
I looked around, but saw nobody.
It seems that I have lost my keys.
I have lost the key.
I'm fine.
I heard the front doorbell ring.
I, for one, am for the plan.
I bought an old lamp.
I have an old bicycle.
I have an old bicycle.
I traded in my old car for a new one.
I saw an old friend of mine.
I traded old newspapers for toilet paper.
I'm getting along with my mother-in-law very well.
I wrote a letter to my parents at home.
I have been reading the book all afternoon.
I've been reading that book all afternoon.
I'll join you later.
I gave the beggar what money I had.
I am by turns an optimist and a pessimist.
My leg was broken in a traffic accident.
I have lost my umbrella somewhere in the park. I have to buy one.
I went for a walk in the park.
I'm more interested in spoken English.
I know the man sitting over there.
I took advantage of an opportunity.
I had the good fortune to be chosen.
I have never been to Hiroshima.
I do not like tea, so I generally drink coffee for breakfast.
I don't like either tea or coffee.
I was searched by the customs officers at the airport.
I didn't go, but stayed at home.
I went there because I wanted to.
I can not go, nor do I want to.
I can't go, nor do I want to.
I sat at the front in order to hear the lecture clearly.
I'm a high school student.
I feel like taking a bath now.
I am busy now and can't play with you.
I have a lot of problems at the moment.
I am busy cooking at the moment.
I am playing volleyball now.
I don't feel like going out right now.
I don't want to eat lunch now.
I am playing the piano now.
I'm playing football now.
I have been studying English for three years.
What am I to do now?
I'm free now.
I got terrible grades this term.
I'm on vacation.
I'm at the airport now.
I am writing a letter.
I think I will take a vacation this week.
I got up late this morning.
I got up at six this morning.
I got up very late this morning.
Not until this morning did I learn the truth.
I ate bread and butter this morning.
I got to the station this morning.
I was late for school this morning.
I arrived at Narita Airport this morning.
I got hurt today.
I have to take the entrance examination today.
I will play tennis this afternoon.
I'll be seeing Mary this afternoon.
I am going out this afternoon.
I have a bad headache today.
I'm free today.
I have nothing more to do today.
I'm very busy today.
I didn't have lunch today.
I am in Tokyo today.
I got a letter from her today.
I promised him that I would come today.
I am going to watch TV this evening.
I can't recall her name at the moment.
I am studying now.
I'm not busy now.
I'm now busy writing a book.
I am reading a book now.
I will be with you tonight.
I think I'll take a bath tonight.
I am playing baseball.
I am in trouble.
I am in trouble.
I was invited to Sachiko's party.
I am not used to drinking coffee without sugar.
I am the fastest runner.
I am the fastest runner.
I have been busy lately.
I have recently given up smoking.
I caught the last bus.
I couldn't understand him at first.
I went to the hospital to see my wife.
I stayed up late last night.
I have been busy since yesterday.
I bought this camera yesterday.
I went there yesterday.
I went there yesterday.
I met Ben at the hotel yesterday.
I bought the book yesterday.
I did not play tennis yesterday.
I played with Tony yesterday.
I visited Tony yesterday.
I caught a cold and was in bed yesterday.
I met Mary yesterday.
I'm much better today than yesterday.
I went to see the movies yesterday.
I attended the meeting yesterday.
Yesterday I was caught in a shower on my way home from school.
I went to school yesterday.
I met your father yesterday.
I went to the park yesterday.
I was happy yesterday.
I had to work overtime yesterday.
I was absent from work yesterday.
I had my watch stolen yesterday.
He wrote a letter yesterday.
I went swimming in the river yesterday.
I didn't study at all yesterday.
I got up early yesterday.
I caught a big fish yesterday.
I caught a big fish yesterday.
I was in Tokyo yesterday.
I called him up yesterday.
I helped him yesterday.
I paid him a visit yesterday.
I passed by her house yesterday.
I received her letter yesterday.
I was ill yesterday.
I had a strange dream last night.
I helped my father yesterday.
I didn't have to study yesterday.
I was busy yesterday.
I wasn't busy yesterday.
I decided to come to Japan last year.
I decided to come to Japan last year.
I retired last year.
I listened to some CDs last night.
I finished reading the book last night.
I stayed up till very late last night.
I listened to some records last night.
I met my teacher by accident at the restaurant last night.
I had a bad dream last night.
I didn't sleep a wink last night.
I didn't sleep a wink last night.
I wrote three letters last night.
I watched the baseball game last night.
I stayed at home last night.
I had a funny dream last night.
I arrived here last night.
I did not sleep well last night.
I had my bicycle stolen last night.
I wrote a letter last night.
I got acquainted with him last night.
I had a good dream last night.
I painted the fence green.
I am a citizen of Sapporo.
I lived in Japan three years ago.
I lost my umbrella.
I had an umbrella with me but my friend did not.
I got my hair cut.
I don't even have time for a walk.
I was abroad on an assignment.
I don't like to mix business with pleasure.
I'm satisfied with my work.
I lost my job and I have no money. I'm at my wit's end.
I had an accident at work.
I am from Shikoku.
I must catch the first train.
I'm going off to Vancouver next week to see my sister.
I have more dresses than my sister.
I don't like being treated like a child.
I don't have any children.
I like children. That's why I became a teacher.
I bought the book which the children need.
I'm not a child, but sometimes you talk to me as if I were a child.
I have lived here since I was a boy.
I saw the children walk across the street.
I mustered up my courage and went there.
I had no feeling in my fingers.
I am the tallest in our class.
I like the way she laughs at my jokes.
I couldn't make myself understood.
I'm doing my homework.
I am going to write about our parks and mountains.
We did it ourselves.
I made several mistakes in the exam.
I keep a female cat.
I had my teeth examined at the dentist's.
I was late for school on account of an accident.
I got over the difficulty with my characteristic tenacity.
I make a point of being punctual.
I have lost my watch.
I bought a watch.
I lost my watch.
I play tennis once in a while.
I have occasional pains in the stomach.
I sometimes play tennis with her.
I was puzzled about what to do next.
I am getting off at the next station.
I am getting off at the next station.
I'm getting off at the next station.
I'm getting off at the next station.
I'm getting off at the next stop.
I want to have my own room.
I don't have a bicycle, let alone a car.
I have no regrets about what I did.
I can only speak for myself.
I bought this book for myself, not for my wife.
I was ashamed of my behavior.
I lay on my bed.
I made known my intentions to my parents.
I'm not satisfied with my English ability.
I am tired of my work.
I am content with my job.
I don't care what people think about the way I dress.
I felt that my honor was at stake.
I looked up the words in my dictionary.
I have no intention of resigning.
Though I failed, I will try again.
I am interested in taking pictures.
I have an interest in photography.
I am fond of cars.
I go to the office by car, and I try to leave home as early as I can so that I can avoid the traffic jams.
I turned right.
I want to drive.
I am able to drive a car.
I don't have a car.
I don't have a car, but my sister does.
I decided to buy a car.
I didn't feel like buying a car.
I rented a house with a garage.
I returned the knife which I had borrowed.
I must repay the debt.
I did smoke when I was young.
I often played tennis when I was young.
I often played baseball when I was young.
I save what money I got.
I wrote a letter.
I am not writing a letter.
I am not writing a letter.
Do I have to write a letter?
I want to be a magician.
I don't drink alcohol.
I don't know whether to accept or refuse.
I put the receiver to my ear.
I'm going to Paris in the fall.
I like spring better than fall.
I am sixteen years old.
I am charged with an important mission.
I don't like homework.
I am tired of homework.
It took me three hours to do my homework.
I read the book after I had finished my homework.
I was unable to finish my homework.
I do not like spring.
I am very sensitive to heat.
I can't stand the heat.
I have no friends to help me.
I am looking for an assistant.
I like lyric better than epic.
I want to be a pilot in the future.
I feel hopeful about the future.
I stayed home all day long reading novels.
I met a novelist and a poet.
I crossed the river by boat.
I was mildly disappointed.
I do not doubt it in the least.
I don't care a rap.
I'm not a bit tired.
I am a bit drunk.
I speak a little Japanese.
I'm a little tired.
I sucked up the dust on the floor with a vacuum cleaner.
I intend to go to the barbershop.
I received an invitation.
I laughed.
I don't want to be laughed at.
I can swim well.
I changed trains at Ueno Station.
I considered changing my job.
I fed the leftovers to my dog.
I'm not very particular about food.
I'm washing the dishes.
I cleared the table.
Do I have to change my diet?
I'm a deeply religious man and believe in life after death.
I make it a point to shine my shoes before I go to bed.
I wrote five letters before I went to bed.
I overslept.
I share a bedroom with my sister.
I felt my heart beating violently.
I want to buy a new camera.
I bought a new television.
I bought a new sewing machine.
I built a new house.
I need to buy new spectacle frames.
I enjoyed driving on the new highway.
I must buy a new winter coat.
I have lost my new fountain pen.
I'm saving up to buy a new car.
I am a new student.
I read about him in the newspaper.
I advertised my house in the newspaper.
I subscribe to two newspapers.
I lost my way in the woods.
I like taking a walk in the forest.
I know the truth.
I believe in God.
I'd like to live in the suburbs of Kobe.
I bent over to pick up my pen which had fallen on the floor.
I all but lost you in the crowd.
I made my way through the crowd.
I'm not used to speaking in public.
I am poor at swimming.
I like swimming, but I don't like to swim here.
I belong to the swimming club.
I belong to the swimming club.
I'm a member of the swimming club.
I'm a member of the swimming club.
I like math least of all.
I want to study math.
I need to study math.
I began playing golf years ago.
I found a pot in which there were several old coins.
I am convinced that things will change for the better.
I made efforts to improve my grades.
I'm not sure of the exact date.
I'm an honest person.
I've never seen a live whale.
I'll work as long as I live.
I am an optimist by nature.
I am an optimist by nature.
I was born and raised in Tokyo.
I asked him many questions about ecology.
I inspired my students to work harder.
I'm not a student.
I have life insurance.
I love the taste of watermelon.
I am from Shizuoka.
I agree with your opinion about taxes.
I paid $200 in taxes.
I work for an oil company.
I bought a red sports car.
I like red roses.
I wanted red shoes.
I have a new red car.
I have no knife to cut with.
I have a large collection of stamps.
I need to get a stamp.
I've lost my ticket.
I don't care if it snows.
I will go on ahead.
I changed my address last month.
I haven't seen her since last month.
I was in London last month.
I worked hard last month.
I didn't go to school last month.
I bought a new computer last month.
I caught a cold last month.
I stayed with my uncle last week.
I went to the park last Saturday.
My boss made me work last Sunday.
I saw grandfather last week.
I paid him the money last week.
I wasn't busy last week.
I am a teacher.
I am a teacher.
I am not a teacher.
I saw your brother the other day.
I met Jane the other day.
I dived into the river.
I was told to go not by boat but by plane, which advice I followed.
I will let you know in advance.
I didn't study at all.
I love my grandmother very much.
I was brought up by my grandmother.
I have a dim memory of my grandmother.
I don't remember my grandmother's face accurately.
I didn't want to get up early.
I got up early.
I went to bed early, for I was tired.
I still haven't learned to drive a car.
I laid myself on the grass.
I run.
I like to run.
I don't like artificial flowers.
I held my breath and waited.
I made his son a new suit.
I'll buy a watch for my son.
I'm proud of my son.
I can't imagine life on another planet.
I have no more than ten English books.
I have read many modern authors.
I have known Taro for ten years.
I am not well at all.
I want to lose weight.
I want to lose weight.
I'm looking for a room for rent.
I majored in American literature at college.
I majored in chemistry at the university.
I'm studying economics at university.
I am going to Osaka station.
I almost laughed out loud.
I live in a big city.
I heard someone scream.
I don't know who made the cake.
I know who lives in this house.
Who am I?
I am tired of my monotonous life.
I found the key for which I had been looking.
I like short hair.
I have been busy writing a short story.
I received my birthday present.
He replied that he did not know.
I'm afraid of earthquakes.
I felt the earth shake.
I stayed up till late at night.
I'm not a junior high school student.
I came to Japan from China.
I can speak Chinese, but I can't read it.
I finished writing the letter by noon.
I got my decayed tooth pulled out.
I was just going to write a letter.
I am in the habit of taking some exercise before breakfast.
I got up early in the morning.
I'm not accustomed to getting up early.
I know that German with a long beard.
I haven't smoked for ages.
I met Fred on the street.
I heard my name called by someone on the street.
I planted roses in the garden.
I helped my brother move his desk.
I gave my brother a dictionary.
I promised to help my brother with his homework.
I have supported you throughout.
I'm used to working all night.
I am waiting for the store to open.
I picked out a new hat at the store.
I am going to the store now.
I rode my bicycle to the store.
I was brought up in the country.
I don't like living in the country.
I like to walk in the country.
I was late as a result of the train delay.
I ordered a pizza on the phone.
I couldn't control my anger.
I couldn't keep my anger down.
I like summer better than winter.
I live on the outskirts of Tokyo.
I changed trains at Tokyo Station.
I'm from Tokyo.
I tried to escape.
I felt a drop of rain on my head.
I am reading a book about animals.
I love Hitomi.
I lost my way and, what was worse, it began to rain.
I like this scene in particular.
I come here every Fourth of July.
I love reading books.
I am happiest when I am reading.
I am tired of reading.
I am tired of reading.
I love Nara, particularly in the fall.
I had difficulty working out the problem.
I had difficulty working out the problem.
I have two books.
I have been here for two hours.
I am going to stay here for a couple of days.
I bought a camera two days ago.
I'm not fit for physical labor.
I don't want to get a suntan.
I live in Japan.
I returned to Japan.
I have been in Japan for two months.
I don't know anything about Japan.
I am a Japanese high school girl.
I like Japanese food and customs, so it follows that I like living in Japan.
I am interested in Japanese history.
I have difficulty in Japanese.
I couldn't speak Japanese.
I am not always free on Sundays.
I am always at home on Sundays.
I'm not always at home on Sundays.
I'm never at home on Sundays.
I am not going anywhere on Sunday.
I often go downtown on Sunday.
I don't go to school on Sunday.
I am never at home on Sundays.
I go to church on Sunday.
I work every day except Sunday.
I work every day except Sunday.
I usually wear jeans on Sunday.
I'm not always free on Sundays.
I had to abstain from smoking while I was in the hospital.
I saw a cat running after the dog.
I do not have a cat.
I respect elderly people.
I am unable to walk as fast as he can.
I saw a horse pulling a cart.
I prefer red wine to white.
I opened the box and looked inside.
I carried the box on my shoulder.
I don't like him much, in fact I hate him.
I don't know for certain when he will come.
I don't know when he will come.
I envy him.
I took it for granted that he would pass the exam.
I know where he comes from.
I think he is a very kind man.
I heard him play the piano once.
I got the money back from him.
I learned a lot from him.
I got the information from him directly.
I owe him 100 yen.
I know that he went to London.
I saw him swim across the river.
I worry about him.
I thought he was going to fail the exam, but he passed after all.
I caught him stealing the camera.
I have never heard him speak ill of others.
I don't think that he's right.
I am sure that he is an honest man.
I don't know who he is.
I was angry because he was late.
I watched him cross the street.
I didn't know that he was Japanese.
I had just written the letter when he came back.
I saw him playing baseball.
I believed that he would keep his promise.
I thought he would come.
I made an appointment to see him at seven o'clock.
I had a tennis match with him.
I enjoyed talking with him at the party.
I enjoyed talking with him at the party.
I got acquainted with him in France.
Seldom do I see him.
I ran a race with him.
I will never forget the day when I first met him.
I competed with him for the championship.
I cannot get in touch with him.
I cannot get in touch with him.
I enjoyed talking with him.
I advised him to be independent of his parents.
I got him to wash my car for a hundred dollars.
I lent him a CD.
I know that I should not tell him a lie.
I want him to play the guitar.
I asked him to wait here.
I slipped the letter to him.
I don't want him to touch me.
I made him carry the suitcase.
I paid him the money.
I regret having said that to him.
I had him write it.
I couldn't make him understand it.
I asked him where he was going.
I bought him a tie.
I'll buy a pen for him.
I handed the mike to him.
I am disgusted with him.
I met him at the station.
I made him paint the house.
I got him to paint the fence.
I asked him to mend my shoes.
I got him to polish my shoes.
I paid him five dollars.
I agree with him.
I got him to fix my bicycle.
I reminded him of his interview with the president.
I asked him to drive me home.
I got him to repair my car.
I asked him to help me.
I made him sweep the floor.
I met him on the street.
I forgot to give him the message.
I owe him $100.
I gave my cold to him.
I asked him what his name was.
I asked him to go there tomorrow.
I told him to come.
I don't like the way he speaks.
I'm looking over his report.
I can't agree with your opinion.
I know him by sight, but not by name.
I was worried about his health.
I am very concerned about his health.
I can understand him perfectly.
I tried to listen to him carefully.
I didn't catch what he said.
I can hardly understand what he says.
I was bored with his old jokes.
I followed him into his room.
I am pleased with his work.
I didn't know how to answer his question.
I was able to find out his address.
I helped him with his homework.
I dislike how he smiles.
I do not like the way he treats others.
I began to doubt the accuracy of his statement.
I wrote down his phone number.
I was surprised at the news of his sudden death.
I learned a lot from his books.
I had a dream about him.
I don't know his name.
I watched a ring of smoke that floated from his cigar into the air.
I don't like the way he talks.
I couldn't get the point of his speech.
I can't speak English as well as he.
I am taller than he.
I saw them walking arm in arm.
I gave them clothing and some food.
I believe in what they said.
I don't know either of them.
I don't blame you for hitting him.
I looked on him as the boss.
I call him Mike.
I call him Mike.
I can't help feeling sorry for him.
I believe in him.
I think of him as one of my good friends.
I can't find fault with him.
I'm waiting for him.
I consider him a great writer.
Much as I pitied him, I could not help him.
I have never heard her say 'No'.
I suggested that she go alone.
I don't know when she got married.
I know that she is Spanish.
I saw her enter the room.
I gave her just what she needed.
Not a letter did I receive from her.
I got a letter from her.
I received a letter from her.
She gave me several books.
I heard her speak English fluently.
I have no idea where she lives.
I have never heard her sing.
I heard her singing a song.
I don't like her.
I helped her wash dishes.
I made a bet that she would win the game.
I heard her singing in her room.
I noticed that she was wearing new glasses.
I noticed she was wearing a new hat.
I didn't know that she was ill.
I saw her clean the room.
I know that she has been busy.
I waited for her to speak.
I accompanied her on a walk.
I didn't get along with her.
I've known her for a long time.
I am nearly as tall as she.
I am nearly as tall as she.
I shook hands with her.
I agreed with her.
I talked with her for an hour.
I had a nice chat with her.
I have known her for five years.
I am engaged to her.
I am glad to have her company.
I advised her to come by 9:00.
I remember seeing her.
I told her what to do.
I told her not to let go of the rope, but she did.
I hope that I'll see her.
I demanded that she should go.
I must make an apology to her.
I must make an apology to her.
I remember writing to her.
He presented her with a doll.
I bought her a nice Christmas present.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with her.
I meant to call her, but I forgot to.
I called her up.
I asked her a difficult question.
I got her to clean my room.
I got her to clean my room.
I love her.
I love her.
I am not acquainted with her.
I was fascinated by her sweet voice.
I'm sick of her excuses.
I could not catch her words.
I don't know his address.
I can't do without her help.
I'm tired of her complaints.
I accepted her invitation.
I was moved by her love for other people.
I interpreted her silence as a refusal.
I wrote down her phone number.
I don't like the way she speaks.
I have known her for two years.
I took Ann for her sister.
I had a good opinion of her.
I asked her for a date.
I know her very well.
I wanted to surprise her.
I don't love her.
I don't love her, not even if she loves me.
I can comfort her.
I excited her.
I treated her as my own daughter.
I was able to help her.
I like stories that have sad endings.
I was tired, but I couldn't sleep.
I was very tired, so I went to bed early.
I was tired, so I didn't go.
I am tired; nevertheless, I must finish my homework.
Though I am tired, I will work hard.
I've never flown in an airplane.
I prefer to travel by air.
As I was sick, I did not go to school.
I'm poor.
I dreamed a strange dream.
I don't care for wealth and fame.
I've climbed Mt. Fuji twice.
I have climbed Mt. Fuji three times.
I've never climbed Mt. Fuji.
I usually have breakfast at seven.
I usually get home by six o'clock.
I usually get up at eight.
I usually get up at eight.
I'm tired of working a nine-to-five job.
I usually have a light breakfast.
I helped my father with the work.
My father gave me a game.
I helped my father wash his car.
I'm not ashamed of my father being poor.
I never felt at ease in my father's company.
I like to go fishing with my father.
I'm as tall as my father.
I asked for my father's help.
I asked for my father's help.
I'm very proud of my father.
I borrowed money from my father.
I like grape jelly best.
I entered the room and shook hands with him.
I don't have to clean my room.
I'm busy looking for an apartment.
I didn't call on him because I had a cold.
I warmed myself in the bath.
I prefer reading to writing.
I'm not in the least interested in physics.
I pricked up my ears.
I don't like studying.
I am going to my room, where I can study.
I go to bed after I study.
I will go on foot.
I helped my mother wash the dishes.
I cannot cook as well as my mother does.
I often play soccer after school.
I played tennis after school.
I play the guitar after school.
I intend to become a lawyer.
I have lost my cap.
I took off my hat and entered the church.
I'm busy.
I'm too busy to help him.
I'm not busy.
I was absorbed in a book and didn't hear you call.
I paid five dollars for the book.
I ordered some books from London.
While I was reading, I fell asleep.
I'm really concerned about your future.
People say I look about the same age as my sister.
I let my sister use my new computer.
I gave my sister a dictionary.
I gave my sister a doll.
I left earlier than my sister.
I always take a bath in the morning.
Every morning I make it a rule to watch the English course on TV.
I have breakfast every morning.
I have a bath every day.
I get two hour's exercise every day.
I get two hour's exercise every day.
I study for 3 hours every day.
I wash my face every morning.
I go to work every day.
I have breakfast at seven every morning.
I walk in the forest every day.
I run every day.
I go to Tokyo every day.
He goes to school to study every day.
I decided to study every day.
I listen to the radio every night.
I like to take a hot bath every night before bed.
I don't care a bit about the future.
I am on the side of democracy.
I awoke from a dream.
I have a daughter.
I'm going to buy a camera for my daughter.
I went to elementary school in Nagoya.
I want to live.
I will go to America tomorrow.
I'm leaving for Canada tomorrow.
I am going to play tennis tomorrow.
I will be free tomorrow afternoon.
I will not go to school tomorrow.
I must leave early tomorrow.
I'll come back to Japan tomorrow.
I'll be busy tomorrow.
I will go to Hokkaido tomorrow.
I let go of the rope.
I made a desk of wood.
I'll come back.
I'll come back.
I'm used to staying up late at night.
I like playing baseball.
I want to be a baseball player.
I have a friend waiting for me in the lobby.
I got my friends to help me.
I am staying with a friend.
I invited my friends to dinner.
I met a friend.
I think that Yumi is sick.
I invited Jane to dinner.
I watch television after supper.
I play the guitar after dinner.
After dinner, I did my homework.
I listen to the radio after dinner.
I have my supper at a quarter past seven.
I watch television in the evening.
I will buy a new car next month.
I'm leaving for Chicago next week.
I am leaving next week.
I intend to study abroad in America next year.
I am going to Hawaii next year.
I want to go abroad next year.
I'm thinking of going abroad next year.
I will live in Sasayama next year.
I intend to study abroad next year.
I bought a few eggs and a little milk.
I have an egg.
I like both science and math.
I had my hair cut at a barber's shop.
I made a decision to study abroad.
I decided to study abroad.
I like traveling.
I am short of money for my trip.
I made use of the maps during my journey.
I have run out of my traveling expenses.
I talked with my parents about my studying abroad.
I contacted my parents.
I put quantity after quality.
I like apples.
I have little interest in history.
I'm interested in history.
I am used to hearing the train pass by my house.
I went to Kobe by train.
I like to travel by train.
I'll be back by six o'clock.
I need a Japanese-English dictionary.
I tried to change the subject.
I broke my arm.
Nice seeing you, too.
I'm a stranger here myself. I'm afraid I can't help you.
I think so, too.
I'm glad to meet you, too, Mr Ito.
I'm fine too.
I also went.
I also heard a similar story.
You and I are both students at this school.
Please show me around.
Don't let me down.
You can call me Bob.
Seeing me, she was embarrassed.
Please help me.
Please help me.
I have a lot of friends to help me.
Don't deceive me.
Are there any messages for me?
Everyone except me was invited.
Everybody is busy except me.
I have never been there myself.
Don't pry into my private life.
It is becoming important for us to know how to use a computer.
It was raining when we arrived.
The higher we go up, the thinner the air becomes.
We had an unpleasant experience there.
Would you like to eat with us?
Won't you join us for dinner?
Give us two knives and four forks, please.
There are 30 classes in our school.
Our school is near the station.
We have a 20% share of the market.
Don't worry about us.
Our library is on the third floor.
We eat butter on bread.
We sat talking about the remote past.
We agreed to share the housework.
We regard him as an important man.
We talked in a low voice so as not to be heard.
We spent the entire day on the beach.
We have lived in Osaka six years.
We are looking forward to seeing you and your family.
We would like you to come to our party.
We are sorry we can't help you.
We depend on you.
We depend on you.
We grow a variety of crops.
We lead a very ordinary life.
Last summer we went to Hokkaido.
We went to the mountains to ski.
We got there at the same time.
We admired the beauty of the scenery.
We carried out that plan.
We observed this plant closely for a few weeks.
We know him.
We discussed the problem for a long time.
We've just finished breakfast.
We watched a baseball game on television.
We managed to get there on time.
We enjoyed ourselves at the party.
We enjoyed ourselves at the picnic.
We take it for granted that he will succeed in his business.
We should have been more careful.
We managed to swim across the river.
We had a heavy fog in London.
We went on a picnic together.
We studied English.
We should've stayed at home.
We all felt embarrassed to sing a song in public.
We have illustrated the story with pictures.
All of us would like to get rid of nuclear weapons.
We may be late for school.
We're in a hurry.
We're in a hurry.
We were in London last winter.
We happened to get on the same bus.
We get the materials from Malaysia.
We took turns driving.
We eat with our mouths.
We sat down face to face.
We saw many ships in the harbor.
We're going to have a test today.
We had better sit down here.
We climbed the mountain last year.
We had a party last night.
We reached the top of the mountain.
We are to be married next Sunday.
To defend ourselves, we had to tell a lie.
We should tell children how to protect themselves.
We are used to eating plain food.
We got up at dawn to avoid a traffic jam.
We got on the bus at Shinjuku.
We want to know the facts.
We took lunch at noon.
We got lost in the snow.
We plunged into the river.
We went swimming in the river.
We have supplied the villagers with food.
We dug a hole in the ground.
We spent a lot of time looking for a parking lot.
We waited in the park for a long time.
We picked flowers in the garden.
We used to go to the movies on Saturday evening.
We often went skiing in winter.
We closed the discussion.
We enjoy reading books.
We had a rest in the shade.
We ran after the cat.
We heard the bomb go off.
We got him to carry our bag.
We are sure of his success.
We celebrated his birthday.
We watched them play baseball.
We provided food and clothes for them.
We tried to come up to the standard.
We are husband and wife.
We usually walk to school.
We ought to obey the law.
We celebrate Christmas every year.
We will go on a picnic tomorrow.
We must get up at dawn.
We had a conversation about baseball.
We enjoyed playing baseball.
We sang, danced and chatted after dinner.
All of us went to the theater to see a play.
I expected him to offer some help.
Private detectives were hired to look into the strange case.
Draw a line on your paper.
Paper burns easily.
Paper catches fire easily.
Paper burns quickly.
Paper was invented by the Chinese.
Can I have a paper bag?
I made a paper plane.
I made a paper plane.
Ultraviolet rays can cause skin cancer.
My eyesight is getting worse.
I have good eyesight.
Please check my vision.
The poet and scholar is dead.
The poet expressed his burning passion for the woman he loved.
I tried writing with my left hand.
I am afraid that I shall not be free till the examination is over.
You'll have to work hard if you want to pass the exam.
You needn't be ashamed because you failed the exam.
Failing the examination means waiting for another year.
How did you do in your exam?
He could not get through his work, though the examination was near.
He could not get through his work, though the examination was near.
How about a drink after the game?
Little did they dream of losing the game.
I always get nervous just before a match.
The game ended at nine o'clock.
We have to put off the game till next Sunday.
Where is the changing room?
Capital, land and labor are the three key factors of production.
If your tooth hurts, you should see a dentist.
Brush your teeth clean.
According to dentists, decayed teeth are not always caused by sweets.
I've got to see a dentist.
You had better go to the dentist's.
Do your gums bleed?
Brush your teeth.
Where can I find toothpaste?
Coming events cast their shadows before them.
He failed in business.
Don't talk to others during the class.
Which judge heard the case?
The politician didn't appear in public after the incident.
There's been an accident.
Do you know how the accident happened?
She stopped appearing in public after her accident.
An accident delayed us for half an hour.
We are looking into the cause of the accident.
Shortly after the accident, the police came.
Have you heard about the accident?
Instead of fewer accidents there are more.
The accident happened on Sunday at about 3:00.
Accidents are inevitable.
We took action immediately so that things wouldn't get worse.
The situation is improving, so cheer up!
There's not a moment to waste.
The situation is very serious.
For here, or to go?
You will understand it as time passes.
As time went on, rules were added to the game to make it safer.
Time flies.
Time flies.
Time flies.
Time, which strengthens friendship, weakens love.
Please come over if you have time.
Time is short, we must act NOW.
Come and see me when you have time.
We have enough time.
It is often said that nothing is more precious than time.
Can you tell me the time?
Try to make the most of your time.
Don't waste time.
You should not waste your time.
I arrived at the station on time.
A clock must be above all correct.
I lost the watch.
At times the train doesn't arrive on time.
Please tell me where to go next.
Tell us what to do next.
Please tell us what to do next.
Ask him what to do next.
What am I to do next?
What to do next is the question.
He didn't know what to do next.
Next time you come, don't forget to give it back to me.
By next April will you have studied English for ten years?
Let's stop at the next gas station.
Turn left at the next corner.
You'd better wait for the next bus.
We'll change trains at the next station.
Change trains at the next station.
Turn right at the next corner.
What time is the next performance?
When does the next train leave?
I'm looking forward to seeing you next Sunday.
Keep next Sunday free.
There will be a concert next Sunday.
Correct the following sentences.
Put the following sentences into English.
Translate the following sentences into Japanese.
Make another appointment at the front desk.
Better luck next time.
Please show me what to do next.
Please show me what to do next.
Where would you like to go next?
Try and do better next time.
One after another the animals died.
We can see more and more swallows.
Jiro made a sketch of Mt. Fuji.
About how much will I have to pay for all the treatments?
Compass needles point to the north.
I have an itch in my ear.
Would you like your ears to show?
This may sound like blowing my own horn, but ...
May I introduce myself?
Self-help is the best help.
Some go to school by bicycle, others go by bus.
I bike to work.
The bicycle is racing to finish.
It is illegal for bicycles to pass on the right of cars.
I got the bicycle at a bargain.
May I borrow your bike?
It cost me 5,000 yen to repair my bicycle.
Will you lend me your bicycle?
Put away your bicycle.
Automobiles are made in factories.
The car is waiting at the gate.
The vending machines are over there.
He still remembers the day his mother found out he was smoking.
Only then did he realize he had been deceived.
It was not until I had a baby myself that I knew what mother's love is.
It was not until I had a baby myself that I knew what mother's love is.
It would be ridiculous to spend all their money.
Who she saw was not herself but a different woman.
You will have to be responsible for what you've done.
Try it out yourself.
Don't interfere with matters that do not concern you!
It is beyond my power to build my own house.
I attached my name-tag to my baggage, but it soon came off.
As you look at your face, you try to figure out what is happening behind it, in your mind.
I'm content with my salary.
One must be responsible for one's conduct.
If you enjoy the work you do, you have something worth more than money.
Do be kind to your children!
I don't want to get my hands dirty.
What's in front of you?
You are honest to admit your mistake.
He is reading a book in his room.
Showing your real feelings is not considered a virtue in Japan.
I can do it alone.
You don't have to kick yourself.
Do good to those who hate you.
Do good to those who hate you.
Do good to those who hate you.
Do good to those who hate you.
Do good to those who hate you.
Look it up in your dictionary.
What a dictionary says is not always right.
Compiling a dictionary demands an enormous amount of time.
Nothing is missing.
After losing his job, he went through a very difficult time.
A slip of the tongue is sometimes fatal to a politician.
I shouldn't have done it.
Don't blame the mistake on her.
Don't be scared of making mistakes.
What greater misfortune is there than to go blind?
Excuse me. Do you speak English?
Sorry, but I think you've got the wrong number.
Pardon me, but that is my racket.
Please excuse me for being rude.
Jealousy was the motive for the murder.
If you have a question, please raise your right hand.
Don't be afraid to ask questions.
Don't hesitate to ask questions.
Answer the question.
What a wonderful idea!
The fact is that he didn't even take the exam.
To tell the truth, I don't agree with you.
To tell the truth, that actor is married.
To tell the truth, I completely forgot.
To tell the truth, I would rather stay at home than go out.
To tell the truth, I don't like him.
To tell the truth, I don't really like her.
The experiment was successful.
Deeds are better than words.
As a matter of fact, I do speak Spanish.
Actually, the present method has plenty of room for improvement.
That didn't really happen.
What actually happened?
What will actually happen is anyone's guess.
As it is, I can not pay you.
In reality black is not a color; it is the absence of color.
From the practical point of view, there are many shortcomings in his plan.
Get off the lawn!
The grass looks nice.
Let's sit on the grass.
Keep off the grass.
I lie on the grass.
Don't trample on the grass.
There is insufficient light to take pictures.
Everybody in the picture is smiling.
Do you know this man in the picture?
I enjoy taking pictures.
Let's get our photograph taken.
Let's take a picture.
The area around the melting ice cream was crawling with ants.
When we think of the traditional roles of men and women in society, we think of husbands supporting the family, and wives taking care of the house and children.
We discussed gun control in social studies class.
Social conditions are going backward rather than forward.
Social security? Who do they think they're kidding.
Our boss begrudged us even a small raise in pay.
I don't see any reason why I have to apologize.
She had the decency to apologize.
I wish I had a car.
There's a car coming.
The car crashed into the truck.
The car got stuck in the mud.
The car broke down, so they had to walk.
Cars took the place of bicycles.
The passing car splashed muddy water on me.
I want a car, but I have no money to buy one.
Will you drive me home?
I've been to the seaside by car.
I'll give you a ride.
Didn't you lock up your car?
How I wished I could drive a car!
Drive carefully.
Do you know how to drive a car?
Do you know how to drive a car?
Do you know how to drive a car?
I've been learning to drive.
The number of cars is on the increase.
The front windshield of a car was smashed to pieces.
What is the matter with your car?
Car exhaust causes serious pollution in towns.
The car continued to put on speed.
It's the law: always buckle your safety belt in cars and airplanes.
Keep to the left when driving.
Driving a car is really very simple.
It is a lot of fun to drive a car.
It is a lot of fun to drive a car.
You must have a driver's license before you can drive a car.
How many cars do you have?
What's the good of having a car if you don't drive?
Can I borrow your car?
I advertised my car for sale.
The wheel began to roll slowly.
You get in my way?
He is up to his ears in debt.
While you're young, you should read a lot.
It's a good thing to read good books when you are young.
In his younger days he worked very hard.
You are only young once.
The young should respect the old.
As is often the case with young people, he was indifferent to money.
A group of young men were fighting.
Wearing second-hand clothes is now popular among young people.
Young people are usually full of energy.
Young people are apt to go to extremes.
The young man decided to propose to her.
We accept all major credit cards.
The garrison was forced to surrender.
My fingers are so numb with cold that I can't play the piano.
I can't reach it.
Tell me what you have in your hand.
I couldn't get it.
Put your hands up!
Put your hands up!
We must keep our hands clean.
Don't touch.
Don't touch.
Write me sometime, OK?
Don't forget to put a stamp on your letter.
The letter will arrive in a week or so.
I remember mailing the letter.
I've finished writing the letter.
As soon as she read the letter, she began to cry.
I don't want to have an operation.
How much is the commission?
My hands and legs are swollen.
Let me help you. Your bag looks very heavy.
Can I help?
Help me.
I advise you to give up drinking.
The Prime Minister's speech was calculated to anger the opposition parties.
The prime minister dissolved the Diet.
It is more blessed to give than to receive.
It is more blessed to give than to receive.
Please ask at the information desk.
Magic plays an important part in primitive society.
I don't like sushi.
I don't feel like eating sushi.
I'll treat you to sushi.
School begins at half past eight.
School begins at half past eight.
School begins at 8:30 a.m.
School begins at 8:30 a.m.
I do not allow sleeping in class.
Trees give off oxygen and absorb carbon dioxide.
There is close relationship between supply and demand.
The prisoner was given his freedom.
The more you earn, the more you spend.
It's noisy around here, so speak a little louder.
You'd better avoid discussion of religion and politics.
The state government deprived the civil rights of their citizen.
The mechanic assembled the engine.
Autumn came and the leaves started to fall.
Autumn is here.
Leaves fall in the autumn.
Autumn is just around the corner.
It rained on and off all day.
Habit is second nature.
His English is not bad, seeing that he has studied for only two years.
Practice makes perfect.
We have four French classes a week.
Will you have a little time this weekend to help me with my French?
What're you going to do this weekend?
How was last weekend, Nancy?
I don't have the address with me.
The government is not doing its best to solve the housing problem.
More than half the residents are opposed to the plan.
Is it about ten o'clock?
Ten to one they'll miss the train.
December is the last month of the year.
Do we have enough food?
Make sure you get plenty of rest.
It's very important to get enough rest.
Lake Towada is famous for its beauty.
I was delayed by a traffic jam.
You have to change trains at Shibuya.
What is important is not how many books you read, but what books you read.
It is not the means which matters, it is the end.
My uncle bought me this book.
An uncle of mine gave me some useful advice.
I hear my uncle died of cancer.
He was named Horatio after his uncle.
My uncle made a will last year.
My uncle gave me a pair of shoes.
My uncle made me serve as interpreter.
My uncle made me serve as interpreter.
My aunt made me a new skirt.
My aunt made me a new skirt.
My aunt made me a new skirt.
My aunt made me a new skirt.
My aunt gave me an album.
My aunt gave me an album.
My aunt gave me an album.
The homework is due next Monday.
All my homework is done.
The homework was easily done.
Are you through with your homework?
Could you please sign the register?
Let me know where you're staying.
Even expert drivers can make mistakes.
Don't you want to go out?
It's time to go.
It's time to go.
I've got to shave before leaving.
Get out!
Get out!
In case of fire, push the button.
Thank you for coming to meet me.
Thank you for coming to meet me.
All the people present were moved by his speech.
You can't attend? Why not?
Those who are present are all Japanese.
It is really time for us to go.
I would like to have a look at your collection of stamps.
Do it as soon as possible.
Spring is here. It is getting warmer every day.
Spring is coming soon.
Spring came on.
Which do you like better, spring or autumn?
In spring, everyone wakes up early.
A spring rain revived the flower.
Spring is just around the corner.
Spring is just around the corner.
Spring is the best season to visit Kyoto.
How long is your spring vacation?
Mt. Fuji as seen from Suruga Bay is beautiful.
Junko is a pretty girl.
Thanks to the favorable wind, we soon reached the island.
We should abolish the death penalty.
I'll give you a prescription.
I am glad to make your acquaintance.
Your initial order is subject to a special discount of 5%.
Is this your first visit to Japan?
At the beginning, I was bored with radio gymnastics, but now I do not dislike it.
At first I did not like rock music, but now I do.
Beginners should learn spoken English first.
During hot season, perishables go bad easily.
A glass of cold water is very refreshing in hot weather.
Draft beer tastes especially good on a hot day.
There is nothing like cold beer on a hot day.
How much is that mountain bike?
It is too hot to stay here.
Could you write it down, please?
Give me some paper to write on.
Please give me a sheet of paper.
You can get it at a bookstore.
The papers blew off.
All of you have to read it.
It is our obligation to help.
It is important to help each other.
A woman asked me for directions.
A woman's strength is in her tongue.
There is no stopping a girl's tongue.
The girl didn't like to wash dishes.
The girls objected to our plan.
The girls objected to our plan.
A woman's hair is long; her tongue is longer.
Women like to talk.
Women generally live longer than men.
Must the woman always play the secondary role?
Women tend to live longer than men.
Can't you just picture Ed in woman's disguise?
By degrees the friendship between him and her grew into love.
Will I have a scar?
The wound discharged pus.
Don't touch the wound.
Let me see your wound.
There's an outside chance of winning.
We have little chance of winning.
It is good to be a winner.
How's business?
The business is in the red.
After business came to a halt, many bathhouses added new facilities, such as saunas and exercise equipment, in an effort to attract customers.
I always have to wear a tie because of my job.
I always have to wear a tie because of my job.
Don't touch the goods.
The goods were transported by ship.
He who would the daughter win, with the mother must begin.
Please take more care in the future.
Please take more care in the future.
There is no telling what will happen in the future.
What would you like to be in the future?
He makes a mountain out of a molehill.
I'm looking for a small suitcase.
A small car is more economical than a large one.
Be kind to little animals.
It's too small.
The little cabin was bathed in moonlight.
I miss my elementary school teachers.
May I pay by check?
Will you take a personal check?
Do you have small change with you?
Leaves lay thick in the lane.
Could you lend me some money? I'm short of cash at the moment.
Would you please wait for a few minutes?
Would you please wait for a few minutes?
May I speak to you a minute?
You'd better relax a bit.
A little learning is a dangerous thing.
I've lost a little weight.
Can't you discount it a little?
I think I'll lie down for a while.
Having a slight headache, I went to bed early.
A little reflection will show you that you are wrong.
I've got to catch some Z's.
One of the girls was left behind.
The girl made an awkward bow.
The girl made an awkward bow.
The girl vanished like magic.
The girl was sobbing in the corner of the schoolroom.
The girl brought me a red and a white rose.
The girl greeted me with a smile.
Would you please wait for a minute?
The boys were whispering; I knew they were up to something.
The boy lay listening to the radio.
The boy gathered a handful of peanuts and put them in a small box.
The boy enjoyed painting a picture.
The boy bowed to me.
The boy denied having stolen the bicycle.
The boy jumped into the water.
The boy had a red face.
The boy came running into the room.
The boy was very sharp at physics.
Get down!
Don't sit on the floor.
The floor must be very clean.
All right.
Thank you for your invitation.
Rub out these words with your eraser.
Rub out these words with your eraser.
Before the firemen were able to arrive, both buildings burned down.
The firemen soon put out the fire.
The firemen quickly extinguished the blaze.
The fire fighters put out the fire.
Please call the fire department.
The fire station is next to the police station.
Tell me what you did in Shounan.
Is laughter a quality of man only?
Laughter is a human instinct, and when it comes to instinct, cultural barriers don't exist.
This book says that elephants live to be over 100 years old.
Elephants live in Asia and Africa.
An elephant has a long nose.
The elephant was killed by the hunter.
A rock fell from above.
My boss made me work overtime.
My boss detained me more than 30 minutes.
My boss assigned the hard job to me.
It's rude to make fun of your boss in public.
You'd better wear a sweater under your jacket.
Ueno is the station after next.
Do I need to transfer?
Not all of the passengers escaped injury.
The passengers all went aboard the ship.
I can't find my ticket.
Joking aside, how are things going?
Joking aside, how are things going?
Get serious.
Don't pull my leg!
Don't pull my leg!
You must be joking!
The castle is across the river.
You should always do your best.
The situation went from bad to worse.
The situation is getting worse and worse day by day.
Hot and humid weather makes us lazy.
The lock is broken.
All plants need water and light.
Hands off.
Eating too much is bad for the health.
The smell of food made me hungry.
Food should be chewed before being swallowed.
How do I use meal tickets?
Coffee will be served after the meal.
What about going out for a meal?
Let's go to eat.
Would you like to have a drink before dinner?
Wash your hands before meals.
It is bad manners to make a noise while you eat.
It's important to follow a strict diet.
Eating habits differ from country to country.
Have you ever had food poisoning?
Where is the cafeteria?
Food and drink are material needs.
We have still a lot of food left.
There is an abundant supply of foodstuffs.
Do you believe me?
Unbelievable!
Unbelievable!
That was fabulous.
Wait till the light turns green.
The traffic light turned green.
Wait until the light changes to green.
I didn't notice the light turn red.
Traffic lights work all the time.
I have chapped lips.
Don't wake up the sleeping child.
Don't forget to put out the light before you go to bed.
Brush your teeth before going to bed.
Please turn off the light before you go to bed.
You've got to set the alarm clock before you go to bed.
Over-sleeping is no excuse for being late.
I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
That sounds very tempting.
Blessed are the pure in heart.
I'll turn over a new leaf and study English very hard.
Few people are free from cares.
Don't worry. I have completely recovered.
Don't worry. You'll make it.
There is no cause for worry.
Shinya married a pretty girl.
How are you getting along with your new classmates?
We want a new carpet.
She was satisfied with the new dress.
I need a new pen. I'll buy one.
A new difficulty has arisen.
He promised to bring new industries to the region, but politicians rarely keep their word.
He was tense with his new business.
A new branch will be opened in Chicago next month.
Please send us more information.
We ought to buy some new office equipment: the stuff we've got is out of date.
Please let me know your new address.
How fast the new Shinkansen goes!
New stamps will be issued next month.
A new road is under construction.
I am working on my new book.
The new tunnel is twice as long as the old one.
Will you tell me how to get to Shinjuku?
My uncle's company launched a new product last month.
The fresh snow looks beautiful on the hill.
The sight of fresh lobster gave me an appetite.
I want to eat fresh fish.
I feel like getting some fresh air.
New Year is the time for a lot of eating and drinking.
How do you spend the New Year?
According to the newspaper, there was a big fire last night.
I have a newspaper clipping file.
Will you put down that paper and listen to me?
Bring me the newspaper, please.
You're a reporter.
According to newspaper reports, there was an airplane accident last evening.
The new medicine saved his life.
Birds were singing in the woods.
He lost his way in the woods.
We hacked a path through the forest.
It became quiet again in the forest.
There is a path through the wood.
The prevention of forest fires is everyone's responsibility.
It's healthy to breathe deeply.
Take a deep breath and then relax.
In order to apply, you have to go in person.
Sorry, the flight is already full.
I'm sorry, but it's impossible.
You should tell the truth.
Truth is difficult to find at the bottom of a well.
The truth will clear soon.
Mari and Maki are sisters.
Truth needs not many words.
God bless you!
God created the world.
Some people believe in God and others don't.
God helps those who help themselves.
Do you believe that God exists?
God created the heaven and the earth.
How long have you been in Kobe?
Kobe is famous for its port.
Kobe is famous as a port city.
Kobe is the city which I was born in.
A sacred ritual took place in the magnificent temple.
Myths and legends should be handed down from generation to generation.
A gentleman wouldn't do such a thing.
A parent or teacher should bring home to children the pleasure of reading.
Parents love their children.
Parents have responsibilities to look to their children's health.
I can talk about anything with my best friend.
I forgot to bring my I.D. card.
Judging from her appearance, I think that she's rich.
Clothes make the man.
Gestural language had, however, serious limitations, since it could not be used in the dark or at distance.
Just as the body needs exercise, so the mind needs stimulation to stay healthy.
Any student with an I.D. card has access to the library.
I am in a tight place.
Wires are used to convey electricity.
We have two ears.
We have two ears.
Opinions vary from person to person.
It isn't polite to stare at people.
You gain nothing by speaking ill of others.
A man's happiness doesn't depend on what he has, but on what he is.
When people meet, first impressions determine more than 50 percent of whatever happens next.
We know that all men are mortal.
One should love one's own mother.
We are all liable to make mistakes.
No matter how rich a man may be, he ought not to be idle.
No matter how old one may be, one can learn.
It says in the Bible, "Man shall not live on bread alone."
People can't live forever.
Everyone ought to be a master of his own destiny.
A person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor.
Men can not exist without air.
A man is responsible for his deeds.
Man eats to live, he does not live to eat.
As soon as man is born, he begins to die.
It is generally accepted that a person cannot be successful in life without a lot of hard work.
Every man has his own strong points.
Not everybody can be an artist.
No man can serve two masters.
People thought him to be a great scholar.
Are you kidding?
It's impolite to stare at people.
You shouldn't judge a man by his appearance.
He who helps others, in turn shall be helped by them.
It is rude to laugh at others.
Don't judge a man by his clothes.
It is no longer a dream for man to live on the moon.
Men's wants become greater in proportion to the increase in their income.
The more we have, the greater our desire will be.
Man differs from animals in that he can speak and think.
Man will die sooner or later.
Man is the only animal that can make use of fire.
Man is the only animal that can make use of fire.
Man is the only animal that uses fire.
Man is a creature of circumstances.
Man has a great capacity to adapt to environmental changes.
Man is the only animal that can speak.
Human beings differ from animals in that they can think and speak.
Man consists of soul and body.
Man is the only animal that talks.
Man is the only animal that can talk.
Human beings communicate in many ways.
There was a steady increase in population.
The population has doubled in the last five years.
Carrots contain a lot of vitamin A.
Man proposes, God disposes.
Garvey speaks up for racial pride.
The people crowded round the injured man, but they made way for the doctor when he reached the scene of the accident.
There is a tendency for people to think that hang gliding is dangerous.
People must love one another.
People used to think that only humans could use language.
People are concerned about racial problems.
People tend to look at others with bias.
The people exulted over their good luck.
This is the life.
I get a kick out of life.
Life is half spent before we know what it is.
Life is indeed a good thing.
Life is very short.
Life is full of ups and downs.
We should try to be philosophical about life; wealth gained could also vanish.
Life is often compared to a journey.
How strange life is!
Life is sweet.
Life is not all fun and games.
Life being very short, we ought not to waste time.
I don't like to sing in public.
He made fun of me in public.
If mankind doesn't take care of the environment, the environment may eliminate mankind.
Talking in the library is not allowed.
How about studying together in the library?
How about studying together in the library?
How about studying together in the library?
I returned the books I borrowed from the library, and I borrowed some new ones.
Do you ever study in the library?
There are a lot of books in the library.
They were alone in the library.
They furnished the library with new books.
She took the book back to the library.
The library is on the second floor.
The library is in the middle of the city.
Don't talk in the reading room.
The library is on the 4th floor.
A brass band is marching along the street.
According to an estimate, steel production will reach 100 million tons this year.
Without water, nothing could live on this earth.
I can't swallow these tablets without a drink of water.
Water poured from the broken pipe.
There is no water.
Water, forests, and minerals are important natural resources.
Water and oil are both liquids.
Water and ice are the same substance in different forms.
It is impossible to live without water.
The chemical formula for water is H-O-H.
Water freezes at 0 degrees Centigrade.
Water consists of hydrogen and oxygen.
Water boils at 100 degrees.
Water freezes at 32 degrees Fahrenheit.
Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius.
Water is a liquid.
Water is liquid. When it freezes, it becomes solid.
Water is indispensable to life.
Water becomes solid when it freezes.
The water turned to ice.
Water turns into steam when it is boiled.
I'd like a glass of water, please.
I'd like a glass of water, please.
I'd like a glass of water.
Add water and mix to a firm dough.
Don't leave the water running.
You may go swimming or fishing.
Swimming is good for your health.
Another Scotch and water, please.
Clear water breeds no fish.
The ice in the water melted.
Can you swim underwater?
Water evaporates when it is heated.
You should drink a lot of liquid.
A water molecule has two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
Can you give me a ride to the office on Wednesday?
He was arrested for drunken driving.
A drunken man was sleeping on the bench.
I haven't seen you for ages. Do you remember when I saw you last?
Several yachts were sailing side by side far out at sea.
I am good at math.
The math homework was easier than I had expected.
Mathematics is Albert's favorite subject.
I do not like mathematics very much.
Mathematics is basic to all sciences.
Mathematics is an easy subject for me.
Mathematics is difficult for me.
Mathematics is his strongest subject.
Mathematics is his strongest subject.
Mathematics is my favorite subject.
My toothache returned in a few hours.
Some people were hanging around at the entrance.
You shouldn't go out for a few days.
Several years went by.
A few minutes later the telephone rang.
No one succeeds in the world without effort.
The world is changing every minute.
There are more than 150 nations in the world.
There are more than 4000 languages in the world.
There are seven continents on the earth.
Eighty percent of all information on computers around the world is in English.
The population of the world will double before long.
The world's population tends to increase.
Each year the world's population increases on average by two percent.
When will the world come to an end?
The world is running out of oil.
I want to travel around the world.
I want to travel around the world.
The richest man in the world cannot buy everything.
Even the fastest runner in the world cannot run if he is hungry.
All the world desires peace.
Because people in the world don't speak the same language, much effort is now devoted to translation.
A lot of students around the world are studying English.
What do you think we should do to make for world peace?
Don't kid yourself.
At the turn of the century, children still worked in factories.
The balance of public opinion remains in his favor.
You must work hard if you want to succeed.
He that will thrive must ask leave of his wife.
Whether you succeed or not depends on your own efforts.
If you are to succeed, you must start studying now.
You have to make efforts if you are to succeed.
Stick with it and you'll succeed.
There is no shortcut to success.
Money counts for much in political circles.
Politicians never tell us their inner thoughts.
Politicians are good at raising money.
The government will provide interest-free loans to firms that participate in the program.
The government transported goods to the island by helicopter.
Although the government refuses to admit it, its economic policy is in ruins.
Stars began to appear in the sky.
Not a star was to be seen.
Not a star was to be seen.
On a clear day, you can see Mt. Fuji.
I think it will be fine.
It is sometimes hard to tell right from wrong.
Do whatever you think is right.
Please check the correct answer.
Please circle the right answer.
I'd like to know the exact time.
The exact time is three now.
New Year's Day is close at hand.
It's impossible to get there by noon.
It's impossible to get there by noon.
Masako usually walks to school.
Honesty was the most important factor in his success.
Honesty is a virtue.
An honest man never steals money.
To tell the truth, I felt lonely.
Honesty is a capital virtue.
Honesty is a capital virtue.
Honesty is not always the best policy.
A square has four sides.
This is life!
Food is always necessary for life.
Raw fish easily goes bad.
A newborn baby is liable to fall ill.
I want some fresh eggs.
Work hard so that you may earn your living.
Not only the student but their teacher is looking forward to holiday.
The students are talking about language and culture.
The students are all at their desks now.
The student handed the examination papers in to the teacher.
Some of the students are in the library, but the others are in the classroom.
I was born on February 14, 1960.
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
I wonder if life exists on other planets.
Try hard.
Mental health is as important as physical health.
Every time I read the Bible, I am deeply moved.
The man on whom you see the Spirit come down and remain is he who will baptize with the Holy Spirit.
The date of manufacture is shown on the lid.
Kyouichi Saionji, who he supposed would win the duel, has lost.
Seiko accepted his dinner invitation.
A group of young men are playing handball in the playground.
Be quiet. The kids are asleep.
Be quiet, or the baby will wake up.
Please close the door quietly.
Keep quiet!
If you would move over, there would be room for everyone.
Once there lived a king whose name was Alfred.
A long time ago, there lived an old king on a small island.
There was a castle here many years ago.
Formerly people did not know that the earth is round and that it moves around the sun.
When I met my former teacher, he inquired after my parents.
Early explorers used the stars for navigation.
Formerly this building was a hospital.
I used to swim in this river.
I really miss the old days.
Long, long ago, there lived an old man in a village.
Long long ago, there lived a pretty girl.
In the early days people communicated by smoke signals.
Kill two birds with one stone.
Kill two birds with one stone.
There was something written on the stone, and they tried to make out what it was.
Be patient and persistent. These things take time.
Coal is not always black.
Due to a lack of balance the ship turned over.
Don't write in red ink.
The baby tore up a ten-dollar bill.
My baby began crying, asking for milk.
The baby started to cry.
The baby started to cry.
The baby caught sight of my ballpoint pen and reached out for it.
The baby is sleeping.
The baby is sleeping.
The baby was sound asleep in her mother's arms.
Bringing up a baby is hard work.
I shut the door quietly so as not to wake the baby.
Some people like red wine and some people like white wine.
The baby smiled at me.
A baby has no knowledge of good and evil.
The baby went to sleep at once.
The baby is not capable of walking yet.
The baby can't walk, much less run.
The baby is sleeping in the cradle.
The baby was sleeping in the cradle.
Have you got a red pencil?
The red flag indicated the presence of danger.
Red is out of fashion.
The light changed from red to green.
The equator divides the globe into two hemispheres.
The tropical rainforests, located in a narrow region near the equator, are disappearing so fast that by the year 2000 eighty percent of them may be gone.
You can buy stamps at any post office.
I'll leave it to you to buy the tickets.
Please get me a ticket.
Please show your ticket.
May I have a look at your ticket?
Get me a ticket, please.
I lost my ticket. What should I do?
Where is the ticket office?
I'm none the wiser for his explanation.
Would you like me to explain it?
Would you like me to explain it?
It snowed for ten consecutive days.
Snow has begun to melt.
You can stay here till the snow stops.
Although it is snowing, I must go.
It was beginning to snow.
It began to snow.
It began to snow.
It looks like snow, doesn't it?
School was closed for the day due to the snow.
The snow is melted.
It snowed from Monday to Friday.
The snow has disappeared.
The snow was knee deep.
I'm absolutely sure!
I swear I will never do such a thing.
Over my dead body.
I'm not absolutely sure.
Last month our twenty-year-old daughter gave birth to a baby girl.
We didn't have much rain last month.
We had little rain last month.
I forgot that I met her last month.
Last week five students were absent from class.
I bought it last week.
I went shopping last Saturday.
We saw a funny movie last Sunday.
My family went to the zoo to see pandas last Sunday.
It has been raining since last Thursday.
I ran into Mary at a party last week.
I was very busy last week.
Last week I gained another five pounds.
Up to last week, I hadn't received a reply.
I took a day off last week.
We visited the museum last week.
We took an examination in math last week.
Doctor, please give this child first aid.
I have a stomachache, doctor.
Doctor, cure me.
The teacher cannot have said such a thing.
The teacher had a bad cold.
After I talked with my teacher, I decided to work hard.
Let's have our composition corrected by the teacher.
Our teacher made us clean the room.
Our teacher said that water boils at 100ºC.
The teacher pointed out your mistakes.
The teacher gave John a prize.
The teacher explained the meaning of the word to us.
The teacher asked me which book I liked.
The teacher got quite well again.
Our teacher will give us difficult problems.
The teacher lined the children up in order of height.
The teacher made us repeat the word.
The teacher gave us a lot of homework.
Our teacher told us what to read.
The teacher gave us homework.
The teacher told us to be quiet.
The teacher told me to stand up.
The teacher made me repeat the sentence.
The teacher pointed her finger at me and asked me to come with her.
Our teacher demanded that we keep quiet.
The teacher let the boy go home.
Our teacher likes his new car.
The teacher gathered his students around him.
The teacher granted me permission to go home early.
The teacher said that the earth is round.
Our teacher warned him not to be late again.
The teacher made him stay after school.
My teacher recommended me to read Shakespeare.
The other day something horrible happened in a Tokyo suburb.
He visited her house the other day.
I bought a camera the other day.
I met an old friend of mine the other day.
I met him the other day.
As many as a thousand people were there.
Advertisements urge us to buy luxuries.
A panel of experts discussed the plan.
The man swimming in the river is my friend.
There was no water in the river.
There was no water in the river.
A bridge was built across the river.
Let's go and swim in the river.
There's a lot of trash on the far bank of the river.
It is very important for us to love a river.
Shortly after the war my father bought a new house, in which I was born.
Make love, not war.
I feel sad when I think about all the people who die in wars.
War must be avoided at all costs.
The war lasted nearly ten years.
War doesn't make anybody happy.
Nothing is worse than war.
The surest way to prevent war is not to fear it.
Mt. Asama is now dormant.
The washing machine is a wonderful invention.
Could you send someone up to pick up some laundry?
The ship went up in flames.
The wreckage of the ship was salvaged after it had gone to Davy Jones's locker.
I'd like to sail around the world.
There is no way of reaching the island other than by boat.
The boat passed under the bridge.
The captain is responsible for the safety of passengers.
Every player is under obligation to keep the rules.
Having met him before, I recognized him at once.
Move up to the front, please.
You must pay in advance.
Thanks in advance.
See above.
The tree had been blown down by the typhoon of the day before.
The charge for a front row seats is 5 dollars.
It is not easy to distinguish good from evil.
To distinguish right from wrong is difficult.
I think you're quite right.
No two words are identical in meaning.
You're quite right.
I couldn't agree with you more.
I couldn't agree with you more.
I've had just about enough of her.
We sat in total silence.
All the members made much of her opinion.
Attendance is compulsory for all members.
Be quiet, all of you.
The whole school agreed to the proposal.
My whole body is sore.
It is well known that up to the middle of the last century Japan was a feudal state.
I have no idea.
Full speed ahead!
As a whole, the plan seems to be good.
There were fifty persons in all.
The whole audience got up and started to applaud.
What matters is whether you do your best or not.
We named him Thomas after his grandfather.
My grandfather died five years ago.
My grandfather is in his nineties.
My grandfather cannot walk without a stick.
My grandfather sometimes talks to himself when he's alone.
My grandfather often nods over his newspaper.
My grandfather gave me a birthday present.
My grandfather wants to live quietly for the rest of his life.
My grandfather comes from Osaka.
My grandfather is very healthy.
My grandmother can't see very well.
Grandmother sent us a box of apples.
My grandmother made me a new dress.
Ah, wonderful.
Thank you for sending me a nice card.
That's a nice tie you're wearing.
Did the union participate in the demonstration?
Who was it that forgot to lock the door of the warehouse?
Imagination is the root of all civilization.
I found what I was looking for.
Come home early.
Go home quickly.
If we begin early, we can finish by lunch.
Come quick!
Soon learnt, soon forgotten.
To keep early hours makes you healthy.
It's been raining since early morning.
If you want to become thin, you should cut back on the between-meal snacks.
Mutual understanding promotes peace.
It's four against you. You'll be beaten up.
May I share this table with you?
Sumo is the traditional sport of Japan.
The high building can be seen from the window.
Do you know the girl standing by the window?
I heard someone shout outside the window.
Looking out the window, I saw a car coming.
Do you mind if I open the window?
Would you close the window?
Would you please shut the window?
Was it Jack that broke the window?
Open the window.
Open the window. It's baking hot in here.
Who broke the window?
After I cleaned the window, I could see through it clearly.
Close the window.
Keep the window closed.
Would you mind closing the window?
Close the window, will you?
Would you mind if I shut the window? I have a slight cold.
I'd like a table by the window.
I'd like a window seat, please.
The grass sprouts all over the garden.
What do you call a man who takes care of sheep in the field?
The hoarfrost has not begun to thaw yet.
The beginning of the trouble was his careless remark.
Noise pollution could be avoided if only people were more sensitive to the environment.
Their wish is engraved on the base of the statue.
Those who love too much, hate in like extreme.
More than half of my books were destroyed by the fire last night.
A card was attached to the gift.
Thank you very much for your present.
On gift-giving occasions, people generally avoid giving money, but there are exceptions.
Take a breath and hold it.
Take a deep breath, please.
She scolded her son for being lazy.
She was very pleased when her son returned home safe and sound.
His son's criminal activities caused him great pain.
My son is tired of hamburgers.
I cannot help thinking that my son is still alive.
My son is now as tall as I am.
My son took a candy from the box.
My son is busy studying for the examinations tomorrow.
Do I have to bring my son to your office?
I've got blisters on my feet.
Wash your feet.
Wash your feet.
Watch your step.
Watch your step.
Watch your step.
A sprained ankle disabled him from walking for a month.
There are several ways to measure speed.
The thief entered the house at the back door by the open window.
On leaving school, we presented him with a table clock as a token of our thanks.
It was not until then that I realized my mistake.
Bill took the blame for the loss.
The loss amounts to a million dollars.
The loss amounted to $2,000,000.
The Murais have gone back to Japan?
Everybody in the village knew him.
Do you have any other questions?
Is there anything I must do?
Could you recommend another hotel?
Like any company, we've got to look ahead and plan for the future.
Someone else profits from the situation.
You should be kind to others.
Nothing is easier than finding fault with others.
Don't worry about what others say.
Tell him to mind his own business.
Don't pry into the affairs of others.
Don't worry about others.
It is not manly to speak ill of others behind their backs.
Don't look down on others.
We shouldn't look down on other people.
It is rude to point at others.
It's not polite to point at others.
Never rely too much upon others.
Many TV programs have a bad influence on children.
Many scientists live in this small village.
Many economists are ignorant of that fact.
Many words are pronounced according to the spelling, but some are not.
Many countries have abolished capital punishment.
A great number of citizens went into the army.
Many cars passed by.
Many a young girl likes the singer.
Many young men died in the cause of democracy during the war.
Many young men went to war.
Many small companies went bankrupt.
In common with many people he likes holidays.
A winter sport that many people enjoy is ice skating.
Many people work in industrial towns.
Many students bought the book.
Many students bought the book.
We had a large audience.
Many young people in Japan eat bread for breakfast.
A large amount of money was spent on the bridge.
Delegates from many countries participated in the conference.
I dare say there'll be taxis at the station.
I dare say he is right.
It may be that he likes his job.
I dare say he's not a bad boy.
I dare say he is innocent.
He probably won't come.
Dinner is probably ready, so we had better hurry home.
The drum faded away.
He gave me his stamp of approval.
The Pacific is the largest ocean in the world.
As the sun rose, the fog disappeared.
The sun is about to set.
The earth is small compared with the sun.
Without the light of the sun, we could see nothing.
The sun rises earlier in summer than in winter.
The sun is larger than the moon.
The sun gives us light and heat.
The sun has just sunk below the horizon.
The sun always rises in the east.
The sun sets in the west.
The sun sets in the west.
The sun sets in the west.
The sun went below the horizon.
The sun rose over the horizon.
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
Please call me Taro.
Taro is the most famous of the three.
Taro speaks English, doesn't he?
Taro drew 10,000 yen from the bank.
Taro bought a used car last week.
The body quickly adjusts itself to changes in temperature.
You've put on weight, haven't you?
I watch my weight very carefully.
I'm just worried about my weight.
Have you lost weight?
I am exhausted.
Don't hold your rival cheap.
I can't stand it.
Too much spoils, too little is nothing.
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
I am sorry to have kept you waiting.
The longer we waited, the more impatient we became.
What is the purpose of your visit?
Short accounts make long friends.
Sometimes I have to read boring novels.
He wasn't earning a large salary when he retired.
Many pupils are poor at algebra.
Algebra is my favorite subject.
I helped my mother in the kitchen.
Ever since she fell in the kitchen, she hasn't been all there.
Is there any coffee in the kitchen?
There is a cat in the kitchen.
Don't forget to sweep the kitchen clean.
A typhoon is approaching Japan.
The typhoon caused the river to flood.
Many flights were canceled, owing to the typhoon.
The typhoon is gone.
Taiwanese food is milder than Indian food.
It's too loud.
I never drink unless there's a big event of some kind.
We have a big supermarket.
If you stay at a big hotel, you can use their swimming pool.
Better be the head of a cat than the tail of a lion.
A big bomb fell, and a great many people lost their lives.
A big tree fell in the storm.
The big tree was struck by lightning.
There were lots of people.
It exploded with a loud noise.
The landlord says he wants to raise the rent.
The big fire reduced the whole town to ashes.
My first day in the university was rather boring.
I am working to save for my college tuition.
It was five years ago that I graduated from college.
In the center of the university campus stands the statue of the founder.
I am a university student.
I am a university student.
Are you a college student?
The air was polluted by exhaust gas.
The air was polluted by exhaust gas.
Public feeling against air pollution has at last became vocal.
Air pollution will be a threat to our survival.
Radishes might be more expensive than the carrots.
What is the fare from Osaka to Akita?
How long have you been staying in Osaka?
This is a collect call from Mr Nakamura in Osaka. Will you accept the charge?
Osaka is the center of commerce in Japan.
I'm all for it.
The embassy is located next to the Supreme Court.
I need it ASAP.
The important thing is to call the police at once.
You'll get used to it soon.
He is sure to succeed.
A great many students were absent from school.
I felt an impulse to cry out loud.
Crying out, the little girl was looking for her mother.
You must not speak loudly.
Stop talking loudly.
What is important is not what you do, but the way you do it.
Trees do not grow on prairies.
The majority of people marry sooner or later.
That is almost correct.
The big cities are full of allurements.
People living in a big city tend to lack exercise.
I dislike big cities.
The President is usually accompanied by his wife when he goes abroad.
The president said, "I don't give a damn."
The President spoke to the nation on TV.
The president laughed in spite of himself.
The president is presently in Miami.
The bargain sale will run for three days, beginning today.
Most Americans do not object to my calling them by their first names.
Write your name in capital letters.
I am very sorry that I have to ask you to change the meeting date to March 6 due to personal reasons.
A big tree has fallen in the storm.
Mass production reduced the price of many goods.
Lesson Two is easy.
The third point to make is that Emmet attempted to harmonize his theory with the reality of designing.
The third quarter GNP growth was 1% over the preceding quarter.
World War I broke out in 1914.
Let's take up the second problem, shall we?
It was in 1939 that the Second World War broke out.
World War II ended in 1945.
Flying kites can be dangerous.
Can't you reach the book on the shelf?
Mr Tani is not so much a scholar as a journalist.
Who discovered America?
Who telephoned Ann?
Is anybody here?
Who helps your mother?
Someone knocked on the door.
I heard someone call my name.
Who invented karaoke?
Someone has brought us some grapes.
Someone must've stolen your watch.
Someone is at the front door. Go and see who it is.
Somebody has stolen my suitcase.
Someone has taken my shoes by mistake.
Someone has taken my shoes by mistake.
Someone tapped me on the shoulder.
I felt somebody pat me on the shoulder.
I heard someone calling my name.
Somebody pushed me in.
Someone is calling for help.
Someone is standing behind the wall.
Someone has walked off with my pencil.
Who do you think came to see me yesterday?
Who made this cake?
Who made this pie?
Do you know who painted this picture?
I don't know who named this dog Pochi.
Who can do this work?
Who will take care of the baby?
Who painted this beautiful picture?
I forget who said it.
Whoever said so, it is false.
Whoever said so, it is false.
I wonder who invented it.
Who doesn't know it?
Who doesn't know it?
We came in through the back door lest someone should see us.
Who is playing the piano?
It is rude to stare at someone.
Who's in charge of the sales section?
Is anybody home?
I hope that some scientist will soon discover a cure for AIDS.
Who will be elected chairman?
Who told you the story?
Who told you the news?
Someone is watching you.
Who built it?
Do you know who invented the microscope?
Who first reached the summit of Mt. Everest?
Who threw a stone at my dog?
Can anyone answer my question?
Who would be its next victim?
Is there anybody who can drive a car?
Is there someone who could help me?
When he asked who had broken the window, all the boys put on an air of innocence.
Who do you think broke the window?
Who knows?
Can someone answer the telephone?
Does anybody know him?
Who taught her how to speak English?
Who helps her?
Someone! Catch that man!
I wish someone would help me with English composition.
I wonder who has come.
No man can live to be two hundred years old.
Everybody had a good time.
Anyone can do it if they try.
Everybody desires happiness.
Everybody loves his country.
Everyone can't afford a car.
Everybody had a hard time.
Everybody knows that he is honest.
Everybody knows his name.
Everybody knows his name.
Everybody is supposed to know the law, but few people really do.
Who is to blame for the accident?
Who was radium discovered by?
It makes no difference who I meet.
Whom should I inform?
Who were you talking to?
Who were you talking to?
Who are you referring to?
No one can keep me from going there.
No one can deprive of your human rights.
Nobody can stop me!
The little girl will go astray if no one cares much about her.
Everyone will accept that idea in principle.
Everyone knows the law.
Everyone said that I was wrong.
Everybody says I look like my father.
We are all longing for peace in the world.
Every man desires to live long, but no man wishes to be old.
Everyone recognized his skill.
Everyone admired his courage.
Everybody looked up to him.
Nobody can solve this problem.
None of us thought he was to blame for the accident.
Nobody can understand it.
Heaven knows why.
Nobody came to the party.
Don't let anyone enter the room.
None of them would admit to being the culprit.
Not a single person arrived late.
Nobody would listen to me.
The meaning of a word is determined by the context where it is used.
Could you help me to find it?
The explorers discovered a skeleton in the cave.
I heard the news that there had been a big earthquake in Awaji.
You'll get a lot of presents on your birthday.
We marched under a hail of bullets.
Ice turns to water when it gets warm.
The heater is broken.
The clock is above the fireplace.
To my horror, the man took a gun out of his pocket.
There is nothing wrong with boys wearing cosmetics.
They are very popular among boys.
A man is as old as he feels and a woman as old as she looks.
The man cheated the old woman out of her money.
Man is the hunter, woman is his game.
The men are wearing short sleeves.
The man is loading the moving truck on his own.
Ladies before gentlemen.
It's too expensive.
It's too expensive.
Ignorance is bliss.
His intelligence and experience enabled him to deal with the trouble.
Knowledge can only be obtained by study.
Knowledge is power, but it is power for evil just as much as for good.
Knowledge is power.
It's my belief that knowledge is power.
The more people you know, the less time you have to see them.
No intelligent person drinks and then drives.
There is no one but knows that the earth is round.
Can you compute the distance of the moon from the earth?
The earth is similar to an orange in shape.
One fifth of the earth's surface is covered by permafrost.
The surface of the earth is 70% water.
About one third of the earth's surface is land.
The earth is just a sphere suspended in space.
The earth is made up of sea and land.
The earth is not a star, but a planet.
The earth is small in comparison with the sun.
It was believed that the earth was flat.
The earth makes one revolution around the sun in about 365 days.
There are many countries and many cultures on Earth.
There are many cultures on Earth.
Don't kill too many birds and animals on earth.
The buildings shook in the earthquake.
A couple of flights were delayed on account of the earthquake.
The water mains burst due to the earthquake.
An earthquake can take place at any time.
The blue lines on the map represent rivers.
A map helps us to know where we are.
The sun appeared on the horizon.
We saw the ground covered with snow.
The ground is still wet.
The ground is still wet. As likely as not, the game will be cancelled.
Shame on you!
Tomoko asked her friends to come to her party.
We saw a lot of live fish in the pond.
There used to be big trees around the pond.
The pond was encircled with trees.
Put your name on the notebook in case you forget it.
Sooner or later, his luck will run out.
He will eventually ruin himself.
Come here by ten at the latest.
You had better not stay up late.
Please pardon me for coming late.
I'm sorry I'm late.
Sorry to be late.
I'm awfully sorry that I was late.
Please forgive me for being late.
I was afraid I might be late.
Can you explain why you were late?
Shit! I've got a flat.
Who is the woman in the brown coat?
A bowl of rice is about 180 grams.
Some of them seem to be too difficult.
Let me in.
Let's break off, shall we?
The history of China is older than that of Japan.
China is twenty times as large as Japan.
China is the largest country in Asia.
China is about twenty-five times as large as Japan.
China is much larger than Japan.
China is much larger than Japan.
Can you speak either Chinese or Russian?
Can you count to ten in Chinese?
It is difficult to speak Chinese well.
They are the only students who study Chinese.
Chinese food is no less nice than French food is.
Let's drop in on the Nakamoris'.
Do you have a table in the patio?
I don't like to leave things up in the air.
The statue of Hachiko, the faithful dog, stands in front of Shibuya Station.
Advice is like salt.
Some abstract art is difficult to understand.
It may snow in the afternoon.
How about going out for lunch?
A friend of mine came to see me during the day.
Where are you going to eat lunch?
Lunch will be ready soon.
After she had lunch, she got ready to go out.
The phone rang when I was having lunch.
If you work day and night, you will lose your health.
Answer my question carefully.
Careful as he was, he made an unexpected mistake.
I had a feeling this might happen.
I had a feeling this might happen.
No parking.
It's just what I wanted.
Stop talking.
Keep accounts.
Bob cooks breakfast in the morning.
It's been raining since morning.
Water the flowers before you have breakfast.
May I take a shower in the morning?
It's eight o'clock in the morning.
Breakfast is ready.
Please wake me for breakfast.
What do you want for breakfast?
What did you have for breakfast?
I went for a walk after breakfast.
Is breakfast ready?
It's my custom to go for a walk before breakfast.
Are you through with your breakfast?
When and where is breakfast served?
What time will you have breakfast?
Bring two breakfasts, please. Number 2 on the menu, and two teas with milk.
I'd like to have breakfast with you.
We shall start after breakfast.
We have barely enough bread for breakfast.
Korea allowed an inspection by the IAEA.
Get up early in the morning.
I'm accustomed to getting up early.
In the city, the information is flooding.
A plane is flying above the city.
The town slept.
The town was destroyed by the flood after the storm.
I'll show you around the town.
I'd like a room with a good view.
The audience was very large.
The whole audience erupted in laughter.
The audience was deeply affected.
The audience was largely made up of very young children.
The audience clapped loudly after his speech.
The dolphin and trainer communicated much better than we expected.
How's it going?
How's it going?
I'd like you to have an ultrasound.
A long day has passed on.
A long day has passed on.
It was long before he knew it.
I waited for her a long time.
They came up with a plan after a long discussion.
Let's take advantage of the long weekend.
I saw a girl with long hair.
In the long run, we can save a lot of money by buying this machine.
After a long argument, I finally persuaded her to go camping.
Will it be much longer?
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting for a long time.
I felt hungry after the long walk.
Will it take long to recover?
Will it take long to recover?
I am not accustomed to walking long distances.
Long hair is out of fashion now.
The birds sang.
A bird is singing in the tree.
Birds sing.
A bird has wings.
The birds were flying in a group.
Birds build nests of twigs.
Birds build nests.
The birds flew to the south.
The bird flew away and was lost to sight.
Birds fly.
Birds lay eggs.
I'd like three pounds of chicken.
Naoko is a swimmer.
Naomi has just finished her work.
I have to take the test again.
He could no longer stand the pain.
The pain has gone.
The pain has started to ease now.
I'll give you a painkilling injection.
The street was crowded with people.
Don't run across the street.
In crossing the street, you must watch out for cars.
Walking along the street, I met an old friend.
Don't put your things in the passage.
I'd like an aisle seat, please.
Should I cancel the call?
There is no sugar left in the pot.
The bank secured the city from a flood.
They're 30 minutes behind schedule.
I'm looking for some regular work.
Are there many flowers in the garden?
There was nobody in the garden.
There are pretty flowers in the garden.
I'd like a room facing the garden.
The flowers in my garden have withered in the cold.
The flowers in the garden need watering.
All the flowers in the garden withered.
The leaves of the trees in the garden have turned completely red.
The garden is in front of the house.
The gardener planted a rose tree in the middle of the garden.
It's my brother's.
My brother always gets up earlier than I.
My brother will often sit up all night.
My brother would often stay up all night reading novels.
My brother is living in San Diego.
My brother is small but strong.
My brother is not as tall as I was two years ago.
My brother named his cat Hanako.
Sadako wanted to forget about it.
Sadako smiled at them.
Give it up.
Don't give up!
The nail tore his jacket.
A mugger robbed him of all of his money.
It seems that the burglar broke in through an upstairs window.
The burglar gained access to the house through this door.
The thief got in without being noticed.
The thief whipped out into the crowd.
The enemy dropped many bombs on the factory.
The enemy dropped bombs on the factory.
The enemy attacked us at night.
Philosophy is not a thing one can learn in six months.
The atomic number of iron is 26.
Steel is a key industry.
The railroad is parallel to the road.
There is a dragonfly on the ceiling.
I saw a fly on the ceiling.
There is a fly on the ceiling.
There's a big fly on the ceiling.
You might as well read a novel instead of staring at the ceiling.
The weather turned better.
Weather permitting, we will leave in an hour.
I'm going to mow the lawn tomorrow, weather permitting.
It's dangerous to climb a mountain in bad weather.
The weather turned bad.
With the weather getting worse, the departure was put off.
Given good weather, we will reach there tomorrow.
The weather was getting worse and worse.
The weather is forecast scientifically.
The weather was not only cold, but also wet.
I guess it depends on the weather.
I guess it depends on the weather.
The weather report says it will rain tomorrow afternoon.
The weatherman says there is a storm on the way.
The weather forecast is not reliable at all.
Weather permitting, I'll start tomorrow.
The weather will delay the start of the race.
The weather has a great deal to do with our health.
Mother was in a bad mood since she could not play golf because of bad weather.
The Emperor's Birthday fell on Sunday.
Astronomy deals with the stars and planets.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
A change of air will do you a lot of good.
This movement from rural to urban areas has been going on for over two hundred years.
Country life is very peaceful in comparison with city life.
Living in the country, I have few visitors.
Country life is healthier than city life.
Talking of Mr Tanaka, have you seen him lately?
Mr. Tanaka can play the piano well.
Keep away from the electrical equipment.
What would our lives be like without electricity?
Electricity made candles of little use in our life.
The electricity came on again in a few minutes.
Electricity is very useful.
It's dangerous to fool around with electricity.
Could you turn off the lights?
Turn off the light.
Don't forget to turn the light off.
Don't get off the train till it stops.
I left my tennis racket on the train.
I left my umbrella on the train.
I had my pocket picked on the train.
The train was so crowded that none of us could get a seat.
The train headed for the station.
The train is to arrive on time.
The train is due to arrive at noon.
It's boring to wait for a train.
Do you know who invented the telegraph?
The battery died.
Switch off the light. I can't get to sleep.
Switch on the light. I can't see anything.
An electric current can generate magnetism.
I heard the telephone ringing.
It cannot be denied that we cannot do without the telephone in our modern life.
The telephone rang several times.
I was just about to leave the house when the telephone rang.
I was eating lunch when the phone rang.
Answer the phone.
Answer the telephone, will you?
None of the telephones are working.
The telephone was invented by Bell.
The phone call was a trick to get him out of the house.
It is rude of him not to give me a call.
Please phone me before you come.
I want to have a telephone installed.
May I see the telephone directory?
What's the number?
Give me your phone number.
I feel like throwing up.
Watanabe is my family name.
Mountaineering is attractive especially to young people because it is accompanied with hardships and adventures.
I am able to obtain a registration form for free.
They must have had an accident.
City dwellers have a higher death rate than country people do.
He was always annoyed in the city by noises of one sort or another.
Fathers in cities spend eight hours in the office and another two hours traveling to and from their work on trains full of people every morning and evening.
With all his efforts, he failed the test.
Thomas, make some effort!
I need a good pair of sunglasses.
I till the earth.
Do you go to school on Saturday?
Do you have any plans for Saturday?
Do you have school on Saturdays?
School finishes before noon on Saturdays.
He broke the window on purpose.
I'm annoyed by their impudence.
Don't shout.
A fallen tree obstructed the road.
Winter is over and spring has come.
It seldom snows here in winter.
Winter is just around the corner.
In the winter, many older people slip on ice and fall down.
Did you enjoy your winter holidays?
An icy blast of wind cut me to the bone.
The icy road sparkled in the sunlight.
An island came in sight.
There's no way off the island.
What's the boarding time?
May I see your boarding pass, please?
Do you know where Tokyo Tower is?
What's the number for the Tokyo Dome?
Which is larger, Tokyo or Kobe?
In comparison with Tokyo, London is small.
There is no telling when a severe earthquake will strike Tokyo.
Do you live in Tokyo?
All sorts of people live in Tokyo.
What's the most convenient way to get to Tokyo Station?
Having lived in Tokyo, I know the city well.
I live in Tokyo.
The climate of Tokyo is different from that of London.
How large is the population of Tokyo?
Tokyo, which is the largest city in Japan, is awake 24 hours.
What's the local time in Tokyo now?
Tokyo is the least attractive town to me.
Tokyo is a big city.
Tokyo is the largest city in Japan.
Tokyo is the capital of Japan.
Is this the right train for Tokyo?
I cannot stop thinking of the stolen money.
I would rather starve than steal.
Hide not your light under a bushel.
The religion was in its glory in those days.
No one lived on the island at that time.
The climate here is very similar to that of England.
We lived from hand to mouth in those days.
As was the custom in those days, he married young.
I was a high school student at that time.
I was a baby in those days.
He was in America at that time.
It's very cold here in February.
It gets very humid here in the summer. In the winter, on the other hand, it gets very dry.
The food isn't very good here.
Do you have today's tickets?
For the time being, I am studying French at this language school.
For the time being, my sister is an assistant in a supermarket.
Don't ask a question to students who you know cannot answer.
It was impossible to find an answer.
Send us a telegram when you arrive.
When does it arrive?
It is no use trying to escape.
My head aches.
My head aches.
She's quick on her feet, so no matter what you say to her, she'll have a witty comeback.
Though he is clever, he isn't wise.
I bumped my head against the door and got a lump.
You have to wear a helmet to protect your head.
Cool off!
The moon and stars were shining above us.
My scalp is very itchy.
What do the initials NTT stand for?
Don't move, or I'll shoot you.
Don't be cruel to animals.
Do you think animals have souls?
As food and drink is to animals, so are rain and sunshine to plants.
Animals cannot exist without air and water.
Animals are afraid of fire.
Are there many animals in the zoo?
Birds of a feather flock together.
When one of my coworkers starts racking up good sales figures I can't let down my guard.
Don't do two things at a time.
You can't do two things at once.
You can't do two things at once.
Never confuse pity with love.
I greet my teacher on the street.
They set out with a guide just in case they lost their way.
Are you lost?
Are you lost?
Look both ways before you cross the street.
Will you please show me the way?
Will you please show me the way?
I'll show you the way.
Let's cross the street.
The clown made a funny face.
The road was wet from the rain.
You must be careful of the traffic when you cross the street.
Watch out for cars when you cross the street.
Take care when you cross the street.
Look out for cars when you cross the road.
The rule of the road must be strictly observed.
Copper and silver are both metals.
I can't face this life alone.
He is too young to go there alone.
I talk to myself.
After you have read it, give the book back to me.
Some people relax by reading.
Some people think of reading as a waste of time.
I'd like to turn off the reading lamp, is that OK?
Many words are acquired through reading.
I went on reading.
All of a sudden the sky became dark.
All of a sudden, it became cloudy.
All at once, I heard a cry.
All of a sudden, we heard the sharp cry of a cat.
Suddenly the lion came at his trainer.
All of a sudden, I felt a sharp pain in my stomach.
Suddenly, it started to rain very hard.
All of a sudden, it began raining.
All at once we heard a shot outside.
There was a sudden change of plan.
A man suddenly appeared in the doorway.
All of a sudden, the enemy bombs came down on us like rain.
All at once, he spoke out.
All at once they began to laugh.
All at once she began to shout in a shrill voice.
It's getting cloudy.
Nara is a very old city.
Nara is as old as Kyoto.
Between you and me, John's idea doesn't appeal to me very much.
Between you and me, I'm going to quit my present job soon.
The pot calls the kettle black.
The Zulu tribe in South Africa has its own language.
Refugees poured in from all over the country.
This is the cheaper of the two.
Which is the heavier of the two?
Do not fold!
I slept only two hours.
She lived in five different countries by age 25.
More than twenty boys went there.
They both are wearing a hat.
Two boys came running out of the room.
The two runners reached the finish line at the same time.
Two men were fighting on the street.
The couple is walking hand in hand.
I will not do it again.
Get out of my life!
I have a hangover.
I caught a cold two days ago.
Two years ago I could not play basketball at all.
Keep not two tongues in one mouth.
Trim the fat off the meat.
The price of meat dropped.
The meat has gone bad.
If you want to keep meat for long, freeze it.
Cut the meat into thin slices.
The flesh is mortal.
A rainbow is one of the most beautiful phenomena of nature.
A rainbow is a natural phenomenon.
It becomes warmer day after day.
It is becoming warmer day by day.
Keeping a diary is a good habit.
Don't stay in the sun too long.
They got to the hotel after dark.
I come from Japan.
Where is the longest tunnel in Japan?
We often eat fish raw in Japan.
It's rare to find big yards in Japan.
How many times has Japan hosted the Olympics?
Japan is not rich in natural resources.
It is expensive to live in Japan.
Japan and South Korea are neighbors.
Is this your first time in Japan?
There are a lot of hot springs in Japan.
Japan has many distinctive traits.
There are a lot of beautiful places in Japan.
Have you decided to go to Japan?
How long have you lived in Japan?
Where in Japan did you grow up?
Do you have any Japanese beer?
Are you interested in Japanese music?
Japanese companies have built up a reputation for quality.
Japanese office workers work very hard.
Japanese companies generally provide their employees with uniforms.
Japanese high school students go to school 35 weeks a year.
The Japanese Parliament today officially elected Ryoutarou Hashimoto as the country's 52nd prime minister.
Do you have any Japanese magazines?
The capital of Japan is Tokyo.
Japanese women get married at 25 on average.
The population of Japan is larger than that of New Zealand.
The population of Japan is larger than that of Britain.
What is the population of Japan?
I'd like to make a call to Tokyo, Japan. The number is 3202-5625.
Japan consists of four major islands and over 3,000 small islands, and is about equal to California in area.
Japan relies on Arab countries for oil.
How do you like Japan?
Japan is highly competitive in high technology industries.
Japanese people take three meals a day.
Japan imports various raw materials from abroad.
Japan is full of surprises!
Japan depends on imports for raw materials.
Japan is confronted with severe economic problems.
Japan produces a lot of good cameras.
Japan depends on foreign countries for oil.
Japan depends on other countries for oil.
Japan has an economy that is supported by hard-working company employees in big cities.
There are many earthquakes in Japan.
Japan is poor in natural resources.
Japan is an extremely noisy country.
Japan is very subject to earthquakes.
Japan is rich in beautiful scenery.
Japan is a beautiful country.
Earthquakes frequently hit Japan.
Japan is famous for Mt. Fuji.
Japan is a rich country.
Japan is located in the Northern Hemisphere.
How can I make a telephone call to Japan?
Welcome to Japan.
Welcome to Japan.
Japanese is often said to be a difficult language to learn.
Speaking Japanese is easy for me.
There are many Americans who can speak Japanese.
Does someone here speak Japanese?
The Japanese people have renounced war.
Japanese history is my favorite subject.
Not a few foreigners like Japanese food.
Do you like Japanese food?
Do you like Japanese food?
Do you like Japanese food?
Do you like Japanese food?
Few Japanese can use English well.
It is not always easy to distinguish the Japanese from the Chinese.
A Japanese wouldn't do such a thing.
Lots of people in Japan are indifferent to politics.
The Japanese are an industrious people.
Do Japanese eat a lot of fish?
It is said that Japanese people are kind to people they know, but rather cold to those they don't.
The Japanese have dark eyes.
Japanese people are considered to be polite.
The Japanese government can't cope with the problem.
Look at the car made in Japan.
Where is the Japanese Embassy?
We must cancel our trip to Japan.
What do you think of Japanese food?
Do you like to cook Japanese foods?
Do you deliver on Sundays?
Are you busy on Sunday afternoon?
It has been raining since Sunday.
It being Sunday, the supermarket was very crowded.
I often play tennis on Sunday.
Sunday is not a workday for me.
Sunday is not a workday for me.
She used to play tennis on Sunday.
What do you do on Sundays?
You don't have to work on Sundays.
We are against working on Sundays.
I'll come and see you at 3:00 p.m. on Sunday.
He did not work on Sunday night.
I'm not always home on Sundays.
I usually stay indoors on Sunday.
I relaxed at home last Sunday.
I stay at home on Sundays.
Sunday is the last day of the week.
It is imperative for you to finish by Sunday.
I'd like to have a test for breast cancer.
You may not come in.
You don't have to stay in the hospital.
Do I have to stay in the hospital?
Do I have to be hospitalized?
You should stay in the hospital for treatment.
I hear you passed the entrance exam. Congratulations!
How much is the entrance fee?
Perseverance, as you know, is the key to success.
Patience is sometimes the most effective weapon.
Patience is the most beautiful virtue.
I have no patience.
I don't mind if I get wet.
The cat is sleeping on the sofa.
The cat arched its back and stretched itself.
A cat has nine lives.
The cat caught the rats.
Is the cat on the chair or under the chair?
The cat got through the hedge.
Apart from cats, I like animals.
Cats can climb trees, but dogs can't.
During hot weather, be sure to drink lots of water.
A hot bath and then bed.
I have a fever.
Heat is a form of energy.
Has the fever gone down?
I burned myself with boiling water.
Don't make fun of old people.
Years passed.
Older couples often appreciate cash more than gifts because they neither need nor have room for them.
I am eighteen years old.
People of all ages like this song.
Let me remind you again that March 31st is the due date.
There was a shortage of fuel.
The thick fog made it hard to see the road.
What a pain!
The structure of the brain is complicated.
Agriculture consumes a great amount of water.
Thanks to the development of agricultural science, world food production has managed to keep up with population growth - but only at the expense of the future.
Farmers are busy working in the field.
Farmers always complain about the weather.
A devastating earthquake hit the state capital.
Basho was the greatest poet.
Suddenly the horse began to run about wildly.
Riding a horse is really thrilling.
Don't put the cart before the horse.
Don't put the cart before the horse.
Horses are distinct from donkeys.
Horses are useful animals.
The horse is a useful animal.
You can take a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
Nonsense!
Nonsense!
Stop making a fool of yourself.
Not being tall isn't a disadvantage.
Straighten up.
My back still hurts.
I was kicked in the back.
Please wash my back.
It is our rainy season.
When will the rainy season be over?
I have to go shopping.
Did you check all the items on the shopping list?
Can you do some shopping for me?
As I didn't have time to go shopping today, I had to make do with a sandwich for dinner.
Shoppers crowded the streets.
Sales fell off in the third quarter.
The sales are slipping.
The jury's guilty verdict gave rise to widespread debate.
You have to get on that bus to go to the museum.
Where is the entrance to the museum?
Where is the museum?
The museum had to close due to lack of finances.
It's better to chill white wine before you serve it.
I saw a white cloud sailing across the sky.
The girl in a white uniform took my temperature.
I'm getting more and more gray hair.
Not a few people think that all foreign-made articles are superior to ones made in this country.
When the bomb exploded, I happened to be there.
Some of the apples in the box were rotten.
There are some eggs in the box.
Are there any apples in the box?
There are some empty bottles in the box.
All the eggs in the box were broken.
The contents of the box are listed on the label.
Just one part of what he said got picked up by the media and took on a life of its own.
I used a ribbon to tie my hair into a ponytail.
Your tooth must be extracted.
The judgement went against the government.
The judge sentenced him to one year's imprisonment.
The prisoner escaped under cover of night.
It's totally without precedent for the suspect's attorney to be the true culprit.
The entire sales staff has worked around the clock for a week.
You've got the wrong number.
The program starts at nine o'clock.
Too much humility is pride.
He'll never show it, but I think that deep down, he's seriously worried.
He was so healthy up to the minute of his sudden death. You really never know what might happen next.
He gave me whatever help I needed.
Do you think he did the job on his own?
It is definite that he will go to America.
It is strange that he should be put up at such a cheap hotel.
What he says makes no sense at all.
I don't know when he returned from France.
I'm not sure as to when he will turn up.
I have never heard him lie.
We will begin the party when he comes.
I was writing a letter when he came.
It makes no difference to me whether he comes or not.
It is of no consequence to me that he is coming.
I want to know if he'll come here.
He can't have written this; it's not his handwriting.
He comes back from Sydney today.
He had every reason for doing so.
He decided not to buy the house, because in the first place it was too expensive, and in the second place it was too far from his office.
He decided not to buy the house, because in the first place it was too expensive, and in the second place it was too far from his office.
It will take him two hours to finish the work.
He designed the new building.
He made up the story.
It is strange that he should say so.
He came out of the room at last.
Tell me exactly where he lives.
I don't know where he comes from.
I don't know where he went.
I have no idea where he has gone.
He told us such a funny story that we all laughed.
I can't figure him out.
It's obvious why his stomach hurts.
He played the piano and she sang.
Two months have passed since he left for France.
I don't like him any more than he likes me.
He hasn't come yet.
He has not come yet. Something may have happened to him.
If he were a little younger, he would be eligible for the post.
Let's wait here till he comes back.
I wish he would write more often.
He thought of a good solution.
My pride prevented me from borrowing money from him.
Do you often hear from him?
He wrote to me yesterday.
I had a phone call from him.
Have you heard from him?
It is clear that he is a great artist.
If he had taken his doctor's advice, he might still be alive.
His decision to retire surprised all of us.
The car he's driving is not his.
He can speak French, not to mention English.
Two years have passed since he went over to American in order to study English.
When he reached the station, the train had already left almost half an hour before.
I heard him coming downstairs.
I found him a genius at chemistry.
We don't care what he does.
Guess what he told me.
Whatever he may say, I won't change my mind.
What do you think he did?
I don't care what he does.
Can you make out what he is trying to say?
Can you make out what he is trying to say?
Do you know what he said?
He broke into a house.
He sang a song.
I expect that he will help us.
I wish he had attended the meeting.
There is no hope of his recovery.
It is this window that he broke.
I am suspicious of him.
We heard him come downstairs.
We heard him come downstairs.
I heard him go down the stairs.
Did you see him go out?
He found that the things he had studied in school were not useful in the business world.
It is because his mother is ill that he cannot come to school.
It is by this reason that he left school.
He came back not because he was homesick, but because he was running short of money.
Please wait till he comes back.
I'll wait here till he comes back.
When he shouted, the veins in his neck stood out clearly.
He moved into my neighborhood.
I caught him stealing the money.
I am convinced that he is innocent.
They have been married for ten years.
The box he found was empty.
I'm sure that he is clever.
What he says is very important.
Few students could understand what he said.
Few students could understand what he said.
What he said cannot be true.
What he said is not true.
Do you believe what he said?
I remember what he said.
It is evident that he has made a mistake.
I like him.
I wish he were here now.
He was the first to arrive.
He was the first person to arrive.
He was the first to come.
The fish he caught yesterday is still alive.
He came to see you yesterday.
What he said yesterday is not true.
He is actually not the manager.
He has been dead for three years.
It has been ten years since he died.
He is the chief of my department.
If he had taken my advice, he would now be rich.
I saw him looking at me.
I know he is watching me.
He came to my rescue.
It is true that he got full marks on the test.
His failing the test is no laughing matter.
You can rely upon his being punctual.
There is no knowing what he will do next.
It took him three months to learn to ride a bicycle.
I am very much surprised to hear that he got badly injured in a motorcar accident.
It is no wonder that he failed.
I saw him wash the car.
We must take into account the fact that he is young.
Is there any possibility of his resigning?
I am positive that he has finished.
I heard him go out.
It was ten years ago that he first came to Japan.
I don't doubt that he will help me.
There is little chance of his winning.
It is important for him to get the job.
He is anything but a gentleman.
His success is the result of hard work.
He owes his success to good luck.
I admit that he is right.
Her honesty is beyond question.
I don't know whether he is dead or alive.
There is little, if any, hope of his being alive.
Where was he born and raised?
I saw him running.
He may well be proud of his sons.
No wonder he was arrested.
He acted like he owned the place.
He sent me a birthday card.
Let's leave as soon as he arrives.
We saw him walking across the street.
We saw him walk across the street.
He must have missed the train.
No wonder he is so angry.
I caught him by the arm before he could fall.
There was a long interval before he replied.
I don't know at all why he quit his job suddenly.
His sudden appearance surprised us all.
He was seen to go upstairs.
It has been three months since he left Japan.
He came in, and at the same time the bell rang.
The first item he bought was an alarm clock.
It is cruel of him to say such things to her.
We were all ears when he started to tell us his secret.
Everything chose to go wrong during his absence.
She was all eyes as he opened the jewelry box.
They say that he has been dead for two years.
I know that he was busy.
He was about to fall asleep, when he heard his name called.
If he is innocent, it follows that his wife is guilty.
I saw him sawing a tree.
Wait here till he comes back.
We know him to be a brave man.
I see that he is an able man.
If he doesn't come, we won't go.
Whether he comes or not, the result will be the same.
Whether he comes or not, I'll go.
I don't know whether he will come or not.
There's no possibility of his coming.
I will wait here till he comes.
I remember him as a cute, bright little boy.
He is what we call a walking dictionary.
He is the very man that we've been looking for.
He is my type!
I feel comfortable in his company.
He and his companion asked me to come along with them.
He and I have been good friends since we were children.
I have known him for ten years.
He and I have a near-telepathic understanding of each other. No sooner does one of us say something than the other is already responding.
I often went fishing with him.
I haven't met him.
I am in touch with him.
He's just a business associate.
I feel secure with him.
I'm going fishing with him.
I'm looking forward to seeing him.
I was happy to see him.
It's no use arguing with him.
He and I walked together.
He and I are teachers.
I, as well as he, am not convinced.
He is difficult to get along with.
I found it difficult to get along with him.
You'd better not keep company with him.
He is able to do it better than I am.
I owe him 1,000 dollars.
He kept me waiting for an hour.
Let me introduce you to him.
When would you like to see him?
I want him to read this.
Do you think that he is equal to the task?
Don't let him touch it.
I couldn't get him to stop smoking.
I managed to make him understand it.
Ask him where he parked his car.
It was difficult for him to hide his pride in his success.
She is everything to him.
However much advice we give him, he still does exactly what he wants.
He has a son and two daughters.
He has two daughters.
He has no girlfriend.
He has a fair income.
He had a lot of work to do.
He is to blame for the failure.
He couldn't understand the sentence.
He had plenty of fight left in him.
As is often the case with him, he went to the office without shaving.
I have seen him many times.
I can't put up with him.
He didn't mean to hurt you.
He has a brother and two sisters.
He is giving me a hard time.
He has three brothers.
He has three brothers.
I can't distinguish him from his brother.
He has no house to live in.
He has an eye for the beautiful.
He can't afford a new car.
He has a great sense of humour.
He has three sons, who became musicians.
He has a brother who lives in Tokyo.
He had two sons, who became doctors.
He had a large family to support.
He has three daughters; one is married, but the others aren't.
He doesn't have any friends.
He doesn't have any friends.
A brilliant future lay before him.
He has a large family to support.
He has a large family to support.
You'd better not tell him.
It is no use asking him again.
It is a pity that he has no sense of humor.
I spoke to him in English, but I couldn't make myself understood.
How often do you see him?
I remember seeing him.
Don't meddle in his affairs.
You should have known better than to lend him money.
Let him play your guitar.
I remember giving him the key.
It was foolish of her to ask him for help.
I provided him with food.
Please wait on him first.
I asked him to open the window.
I urge you to tell him the truth.
My attitude towards him changed.
I forget to telephone him.
I should have known better than to call him.
I hope he hasn't had an accident.
Ask him if he can speak Japanese.
The judgement went against him.
I had a good dinner at his expense.
I took leave of him.
Grab him.
There's no way to get in touch with him.
It is no use talking with him.
What is the theme of his latest novel?
I've had quite enough of his impudence.
None of his advice was very useful.
His uncle died five years ago.
His grandmother looks healthy.
His brother is a famous soccer player.
His father doesn't play golf.
It is said that his father died in a foreign country.
His mother used to be a singer.
His mother is an English teacher.
His mother looks young for her age.
There is no end to his complaining.
At times I can't understand him.
Do not take any notice of him.
This book of his isn't interesting at all.
His shirt was stained with sauce.
His joke killed me.
I was disappointed with his speech.
His speech bored me.
His speech was short and to the point.
His accent suggests he is a foreigner.
His tie corresponds well with his suit.
His bike ran into a guard-rail.
He is taller than his brother.
I don't like his affected manner of speaking.
His opinion is generally correct.
His opinion is reasonable.
His life was full of ups and downs.
I'm amazed at his rapid progress in English.
He made remarkable progress in English.
Errors are few, if any, in his English composition.
I can do without his help.
Thanks to his help, my work is going well now.
His speech captured our attention.
His speech impressed us very much.
His wife is quite a talented woman.
His wife is French.
I get scared just walking past him.
His music and words appeal to young people.
His house is somewhere about here.
There's been a death in his family.
His house was struck by lightning.
His house is not far from here.
His house isn't far from this store.
His house was small and old.
His house is across the street.
Will you tell me the way to his house?
I had some trouble in finding his house.
His office is very close to mine.
His pictures were hung on the wall.
His paintings seem strange to me.
His appearance deceived me.
He has a good school record.
His bag is right here, so he cannot have gone to school yet.
Afraid of hurting his feelings, I didn't tell him the truth.
I don't want to hurt his feelings.
His audience is falling off these days.
His eyes betrayed his fear.
Judging from the look on his face, it seems that he has succeeded.
Anger showed on his face.
He is rarely in a good mood.
His memory amazes me.
His record is a new world record in the 100-meter dash.
His argument is rational.
He won't get fat on his salary.
I wish I knew where he was!
None of his students could solve the problem.
We thought his threat was only a joke.
His brother goes to school by bus.
His older brother is two years older than I.
His plan is to build a bridge over that river.
His plan sounds impracticable.
His plan was discarded.
His absence gave birth to all sorts of rumors.
I am anxious about his health.
He painted a picture of a dog.
His dog follows him wherever he goes.
His dog follows him wherever he goes.
His dog is his good companion.
A great responsibility lies on his shoulders.
His modesty is worth respecting.
He is remarkable for his wisdom.
I would rather live by myself than do as he tells me to do.
I don't quite understand what he says.
There isn't a grain of truth in what he says.
There isn't a grain of truth in what he says.
You should pay attention to what he says.
His words convey nothing at all to me.
Do you believe him?
I didn't understand in the least what he said.
I did not understand him at all.
All he said was true.
What he said was beside the point.
Bear in mind what he said.
His words and deeds do not match.
There is not a scrap of truth in his words.
His words surprised me.
What do his words imply?
It won't be easy to find someone capable of taking his place.
His ideas are always practical.
His view seems to be too optimistic.
His way of thinking is very childish.
His action throughout was correct.
His action is against the law.
I can hardly stand his behavior.
His behavior is contrary to his belief.
Peace to his ashes!
On his left sat his mother.
His greatest fault is talking too much.
His greatest fault is talking too much.
His wife is one of my friends.
His wife is in the hospital because she was injured in a car crash.
His wife gave birth to twin boys.
His wife opened the door for him.
I feel admiration for his talent.
The truth finally came out at his trial.
My acquaintance with his works is slight.
His composition leaves nothing to be desired.
What's his motive for committing murder?
His job is driving a sight-seeing bus.
His elder sister is older than my eldest brother.
Both his sisters are beautiful.
His death was a great loss to our firm.
His death was great shock to his wife.
His death was broadcast all over the world.
The cause of his death still remains a mystery.
Ten years have gone by since his death.
His teeth are yellow from smoking too much.
Forget him.
His office is on the eighth floor.
His office is past the bank on your left.
There seem to be several reasons for his failure.
I was very confused by his questions.
His picture was in the newspaper.
His claim is that there is a close relation between birth order and personality.
His hands were covered with mud.
What does he say in his letter?
Should I reply to his letter?
His letter makes me uneasy.
His hobby is painting pictures of flowers.
His income is three times larger than mine.
His income was diminished by half after retirement.
Put his address down.
I went to his place straight away.
He writes correct English.
There are hundreds of books in his study.
Had it not been for his help, I should have failed.
His novel had a great vogue for a long time.
I do not read his novels.
He is a doctor by profession.
He is a dentist by profession.
When his food supply ran short, he had to look for a new place to live.
I had great admiration for his generosity.
His behavior is worthy of respect.
His new record sells well.
His new novel will come out next month.
His new novel is worth reading.
I am fortunate compared with him.
I wonder if anything happened to him.
I'm satisfied with his progress.
His main object in life was to become rich.
His influence extends all over the country.
Diligence is absent from his character.
His success is out of question.
He owes his success both to working hard and to good luck.
His regime is bound to collapse.
His regime is bound to collapse.
His political career has ended.
Some people questioned his honesty.
His explanation is not clear.
His explanation is not clear.
Even his teacher didn't understand him.
We made inquiries into his past.
I feel bad about not having gone to his funeral.
His son became a famous pianist.
His son is eight years old.
His son cannot so much as write his own name.
His son is serving his sentence.
His son wants to be a lawyer.
His leg was bitten by a crocodile.
His body shivered with excitement.
His birthday is August 21st.
His birthday is August 21st.
His advice counted for little.
His advice is always very sensible.
Bear his advice in mind.
Why don't you listen to his advice?
He bored us with his long stories.
His life after retirement was unhappy.
His brother is always watching TV.
His proposal is not worth talking about.
His store is always crowded with customers.
Nothing has resulted from his efforts.
His answer depends on his mood.
His answer depends on his mood.
His attempt to escape was successful.
His head broke the surface.
His second son married and settled down.
His daily behavior is not consistent with his principles.
The land on his farm is very fertile.
His horse jumped over the fence.
His pronunciation is far from perfect.
What he says always corresponds with what he does.
I could not help laughing at his haircut.
His secretary seems to know the truth.
His airplane crashed in the mountains.
His comment was concise and to the point.
His painting wasn't particularly good, so no one praised him for it.
His illness caused her great misery.
His trouble was chiefly mental.
I'm tired of all his complaints.
His father eats there twice a week.
Both his father and mother are dead.
His wounded leg began to bleed again.
There was nothing but a desk in his room.
His room is always tidy.
His room was covered with dust.
His room was in disorder.
His clothes always smell bad.
His clothes are out of fashion.
His writing is very subjective.
His response was contrary to our expectations.
His mother is American.
His mother made him clean the bathroom.
His mother came to pick him up.
He's three inches taller than I am.
His methods are not scientific.
He's behind the times in his methods.
After reading his books I feel I can construct a house.
No one knows his real name.
Is his pulse regular?
His dream has come true at last.
I am alarmed by your irresponsible attitude.
I have trouble putting up with his rude manner.
His daughter is a nurse.
He was named after his grandfather.
I know what his name is.
His name was on the tip of my tongue, but I couldn't remember it.
What is his name?
His name is not on the list.
Few students knew his name.
I forget his name.
His word is law.
His acts of courage brought him glory.
I was amazed at his courage.
His courage will carry him through this difficult job.
There are two doctors in his circle of friends, a surgeon and an ophthalmologist.
He is reasonable in his demands.
It is difficult to understand his theory.
His parents ran a hotel.
His parents expect too much of him.
His parents are saving for his college education.
His parents took him for a walk.
His coolness has alienated his friends.
His bitter words still rankle in my mind.
As he spoke, pictures came into my mind.
He is a teacher, as is clear from his way of talking.
Part of his story is true.
The pupils listened eagerly during his speech.
His story can't be false.
His story amused everyone.
His speech inspired all the boys.
There is no substance in his speech.
He asked me why I was laughing.
He told me that he was busy then.
He is two years older than you.
He studies American history.
He cut the envelope open.
He likes Disney.
He is watching TV.
He is likely to be late again.
He fell asleep with the radio on.
He is old enough to drive a car.
He has a wife and two young children to provide for.
He seems to be rich.
He has a dog.
He solved the problem in five minutes that I had struggled with for two hours.
He is the boy of whom we spoke the other day.
He asked me where my uncle lived.
He is not a poet but a novelist.
He tries.
He makes good use of his time.
He has a bicycle.
He attributed his success to good luck.
He saved the boy from drowning, but only at the cost of his own life.
He lives by himself in the woods.
He is nothing more than a politician.
He had gone there to help garbage workers strike peacefully for better pay and working conditions.
He was, is, and will be, my best friend.
He's eligible for the presidency.
He's a big boy.
He studies Chinese.
He used to meditate in the morning.
He usually goes to school by bus.
He goes to school on foot.
He acts quickly.
He speaks Japanese well.
He wanted to get his shirts washed.
He gives her everything she asks for.
He has been ill in bed for four days.
He's a strange character.
He never speaks unless spoken to.
He said to me, "Please do me a favor".
He said, "I'm from Canada."
He said, "I want to be a doctor."
He is able to speak ten languages.
He is able to speak ten languages.
He came to Japan when he was a boy of ten.
He visited his hometown for the first time in ten years.
He went there ten years ago.
He will be back in ten minutes.
He left ten minutes ago.
He started learning English at the age of eleven.
He returned home from Europe in 1941, when the war broke out.
He went to London in 1970.
He went to London in 1970.
He was born in the 19th century.
He has been waiting for an hour.
He plays tennis three times a week.
He earns not more than 50 dollars a week.
He earns not more than 50 dollars a week.
He has lived here for one week.
He boasted of having won the first prize.
He said he would run 200 kilometers in a day and he did.
He was very busy all day.
He was very busy all day.
He comes to Tokyo once a year.
He works hard all the year round.
He was fined 10000 yen.
He made a few grammatical mistakes.
He wrote this book at the age of twenty.
He weighs 270 pounds.
He is the father of two children.
He is the older of the two.
He has made the same mistake twice.
Has he lived here for two years?
He came to Japan two years ago.
He keeps two cats: one is black, and the other white.
It was not until he was thirty that he started to paint.
He will return within 3 hours.
He came home three hours later.
He is the father of three children.
He comes here every three days.
He wrote three books in as many years.
He fired three shots.
He must be about forty.
He is past forty.
He has two children, aged 4 and 1.
He'll be here around four o'clock.
He is able to speak five languages.
He came to Tokyo five years ago, that is to say, when he was twelve years old.
He became a member of this club five years ago.
He founded the school five years ago.
He must be over sixty.
He must be over sixty.
He is close to sixty.
He retired at the age of 65.
He promised me he would be here at six.
He arrived at the station at seven.
He leaves for school at seven.
He was late for the 7:30 bus.
He came to Japan seven years ago.
He lived to be eighty years old.
He is older than you by eight years.
He works from nine to five-thirty.
He said that it was nine o'clock.
He's very fond of science fiction.
I couldn't do otherwise.
He should have done it that way.
He would have his own way.
He visited many countries in Asia.
He is leaving Chicago tomorrow.
He may be able to come tomorrow.
He lives in that house over there.
He looked around, but he saw no one.
He has been to many places.
He's bound to notice your mistake.
He would be the last to deceive you.
He lives alone in an apartment.
He was born in Africa.
He wants to go to Africa.
He drinks too much beer.
He was too tired to go any farther.
He is not very good at mathematics.
He couldn't run very fast.
He does not study hard, but does very well at school.
He came back from America.
He made friends with her in America.
He is married to an American lady.
He doesn't have any knowledge about American democracy.
He is an American.
He is not an American.
He is not an American but a Frenchman.
He has access to the American Embassy.
He went to America for the purpose of studying American literature.
He has all kinds of books.
He is inferior to you in all respects.
He never drinks alcohol.
He had a certain charm.
He bought an English book at a bookstore.
He married Ann.
He is very much ashamed of having behaved so badly.
He will make a good team captain.
At best he may take third place.
He checked in at a good hotel.
He is a good fellow.
I don't think he'll say yes.
I don't think he'll say yes.
Although he was born in England, he speaks English very badly.
He has gone to Britain.
He is the only American who has swum the English Channel.
He is the only American who has swum the English Channel.
He comes from England.
How old is he?
How many does he want?
He collected bits of information.
He is rather hard to please.
He weighs a lot more than before.
He is an Italian.
He's been awarded a gold medal once.
He's always short of money.
He is always asking for money.
He got up at five as usual.
He arrived earlier than usual.
He's always looking at you. He must love you.
He is always at home on Mondays.
He's always running short of cash.
He's always running short of cash.
He is always happy.
He always quarrels with his wife.
He is always losing his umbrella.
He is always yelling at his children.
He is always with me.
He always imposes his opinion on me.
He always mistakes me for my sister.
He always plans a thing out carefully before he does it.
He was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
He is always finding fault with others.
He doesn't always come late.
He always takes sides with her.
He always takes sides with her.
He always keeps his room clean.
He is always forgetting things.
He always tells the truth.
He always tells the truth.
He's always worrying about his daughter.
He always sits up late at night.
He always keeps his word.
He was always as good as his word.
When did he come back from Osaka?
He went to stay with his cousin.
He's swimming now.
He is out now.
He is very good at playing violin.
He took a drink of whiskey neat.
He married an air hostess.
He was brought up in Australia.
He took off his overcoat.
He told me that his grandfather is over ninety.
He was brought up by his uncle.
He took part in the Olympic Games.
He had no money.
He was accused of stealing money.
They smiled at each other.
He brought back several souvenirs.
He looks like his father.
He likes to sing in the bathtub.
He likes to sing in the bathtub.
He is burning with anger.
He has set out for Canada.
He speaks English fairly well.
He has earned a lot of money.
He zipped his bag shut.
He eats lunch at a cafeteria.
He isn't going to buy a camera.
He barely passed the examination.
He married a pretty girl.
He saw a pretty girl.
He is boiling with rage.
He did not die of cancer.
He plays the guitar very well.
He is able to play the guitar.
He must have missed his usual train.
I believe that he'll do fine.
Who is that woman holding the flowers?
I'm sure that he'll come on time.
I'm sure he will go far in the business world.
He walked in the park yesterday.
He will walk in the park this afternoon.
He is as smart as any other boy in the class.
He towers above the rest of the class.
He works hardest in his class.
He was invited to be the chairman of the club.
He was supposed to come.
He goes by the name of Kenchan.
He was a professor at Cambridge University.
He graduated from Cambridge with honors.
He is much older than Ken.
He took a picture of the koala.
He rushed into the room with his coat on.
He doesn't like coffee.
He drank a cup of coffee.
He is as young a teacher as ever taught here.
He came here ten minutes ago.
He dropped the cup and broke it.
He lives in this neighborhood.
He will assist this project.
He is fond of this kind of music.
He can't do this kind of work, and she can't either.
He worked hard for peace for these ten years.
He keeps this gun loaded.
He took up golf this spring.
He graduated from high school this spring.
He is the richest man on earth.
He is fatter than when I last saw him.
He came back last August.
He didn't come to the last meeting.
He has been sick since last Sunday.
He's a student at this college.
He is richer than anyone else in this town.
He knows how to captivate his audience.
He knows every inch of this area.
He knows every inch of this area.
He paid 1,000 yen for this book.
He is in trouble.
He doesn't know how to play golf.
He is playing golf.
He wants these shirts washed.
He has a large farm in Colorado.
He taught us that Columbus discovered America.
He began to feel afraid.
He doesn't look willing to come to the concert.
He likes playing soccer.
He left the room without so much as saying good-bye to me.
He left the house without so much as saying good-bye.
He left without saying goodbye.
He departed without so much as saying good bye.
He didn't know Shakespeare wrote Romeo and Juliet.
He is older than Jane by two years.
He took Jane out for dinner.
He flew to Chicago, where he happened to see a friend.
He is anxious to know the result.
He often quotes from Shakespeare.
He often eats breakfast there.
He often asks silly questions.
He is often absent from school.
He often complains that he has a toothache.
He often takes a defiant attitude toward us.
He often drives his father's car.
He stood there for a while.
He rested for a while.
He had his shirt on inside out.
He took the newspaper away from George.
He keeps his youth by jogging.
He demanded that John should go there.
He's changed a lot in his looks.
He had a second helping of soup.
He loses his temper so easily that everybody avoids him.
He soon got used to the new surroundings.
Will he get well soon?
He loses his temper quite easily.
He will be back soon.
I don't like him because he loses his temper easily.
He married a stewardess.
Although he was exhausted, he had to keep working.
He is totally immersed in family life and has no wish to work.
He entirely lost his temper with me.
He's always been living in Tokyo.
He was under suspicion of being a spy.
He quickly went out of the room.
He has a wonderful personality.
He accelerated.
He dipped his spoon into the soup.
He is capable of teaching Spanish.
He studies hardest of all the students.
It seems to have that he knows everything.
It seems that he knows everything.
He is a lover of sports.
He looks like a sportsman, but he is a writer.
He always takes his time in everything that he does.
He makes a living as a salesman.
He had no qualms in doing so.
He must have said so without giving it much thought.
He has been sitting there for two hours.
He was alone there.
He lives just around the corner.
He lives just around the corner.
They excluded John from the club.
He admits being involved in the scandal.
That cost him his job.
He tasted the cheesecake.
He heard the news on the radio.
He was involved in the trouble.
He could not help jumping for joy at the good news.
He ate all of the apple.
He walked past the house.
He arrived in time for the meeting.
He was not aware of the danger.
He made good use of the opportunity.
He makes the most of his opportunities.
He made the best of the opportunity.
He made good use of the money.
He absconded with the money.
He has some money in the bank.
He quickly made friends with the new boy on the block.
He showed interest in the plan.
He played a minor part in the play.
He is unsatisfied with the result.
He threw a stone at the dog.
He got injured in the traffic accident.
The traffic accident deprived him of his sight.
He put on the black coat.
He took a quick look at the magazine.
He will not be able to do the work.
He was equal to the job.
He rescued the child from the fire.
Did he succeed in the examination?
He had nothing to do with the case.
He went blind in the accident.
He was injured in the accident.
He died soon after the accident.
He gave a detailed description of the accident.
He blamed me for the accident.
He was tired then.
He shot an arrow at the deer.
He responded kindly to the question.
He could not answer that question.
He is rich enough to buy that car.
He failed to answer the letter.
He wrenched the letter from my hand.
He read the letter over and over.
He sent the letter back unopened.
He applied for the scholarship.
They adopted the little girl.
He was master of the situation.
He was the strongest candidate for the position.
He is not qualified for the job.
He drank very little of the water.
He put on the red jacket.
He swam across the river.
He failed in his attempt to swim the river.
He complained about the noise.
He had to leave the village.
He threw a stone at the big dog.
He asked the man to help him.
He said he did not know the man, which was a lie.
He is glad to hear the news.
Hearing the news, he jumped out of his chair.
Do you think he is good for the position?
He participated in the debate.
He knows almost nothing about that animal.
He was not able to open the box.
He saluted the lady.
He was alone in the room.
He made his way to the room.
He picked up the book.
He continued reading the book.
He finished reading the book.
He was enamored of the girl.
He was able to solve the problem.
He acted on the matter.
He cast off the problem from his mind.
He cast off the problem from his mind.
He has made the baseball team.
He consented to help the old lady.
He was deeply moved by the story.
They looked relieved only when it was in motion.
What was his motive for doing it?
He told me to do it, so I did it.
He ate all of it.
He threatened to make it public.
He gave it to me for nothing.
He did it all out of kindness.
He had, I thought, no right to do that.
He had never seen such a bad boy.
How did he make his living in such poverty?
What a lucky person he is!
He usually went to bed at eleven.
He plays the violin very well.
He worked very hard.
He speaks English very well.
He speaks English very well.
He is a very imaginative writer.
He was very old.
He is very brave.
He is a reporter for Time magazine.
He is constantly finding fault with other people.
He dried himself with a towel.
She folded up the towels and put them away in the cupboard.
He has a great deal of experience.
He eats a lot.
He raised his hand in order that the taxi might stop.
He put on his hat at once.
He only had 100 dollars.
He arrived here just now.
He decided to quit smoking.
He is often late for school.
He won't be easily discouraged, because he's a tough guy.
He drove the truck to Dallas.
He was elected captain of the team.
He carried off the first prize at the chess tournament.
I found him working in the garden.
He is something of a musician.
I think he is something of a poet.
He paused to have a cigarette.
He can speak a little English.
He can speak a little English.
He is a bit like his father.
He finally became the president of IBM.
He finally became the president of IBM.
He appeared at last.
He gets tired easily.
He always wears dark glasses.
He always wears dark glasses.
He is a screwball.
He is an expert at fishing.
He erased his speech from the tape.
He withdrew his hand from the table.
He found the box under the table.
He earned as much money as possible.
He seduced her with false promises.
He's a quiet man, a little bald on top.
He is rather poor at tennis.
He is far from a good tennis player.
He is a good tennis player.
He does not like tennis.
He plays very well.
He plays very well.
He was very good at playing tennis.
He was very good at playing tennis.
He is good at playing tennis.
He is a good match for me in tennis.
He wants to be a tennis player.
He can play both tennis and baseball.
He played tennis.
He went fishing instead of playing tennis.
He likes to watch TV.
He turned off the TV and began to study.
He looked in at the door.
He listened with his ear to the door.
He turned the key.
He hid it behind the door.
He was standing behind the door.
He speaks English with a German accent.
He prefers French to German.
He can't seem to understand that poem.
He would not agree to our proposal.
He couldn't remember my address.
He will not listen to me.
He finally got his wish.
What has happened to him?
He managed to make both ends meet.
I am afraid he will fail.
I have a feeling he is right.
He sometimes comes to see me.
He sometimes goes to work by car.
He lives somewhere about here.
One must be an executive in some company.
He went to some place or other.
He went to some place or other.
He looks every inch a gentleman.
Where does he live?
Where does he come from?
Where did he go?
Where did he go?
He did not know where to go.
He is rather an active person.
They say that he is very rich.
He is very stingy with his money.
He is eager to go there.
He's a very romantic boyfriend who brings me flowers each night.
He is anxious to see you.
He is a very thoughtful person.
He's much younger than Tom.
He started going bald quite young.
He can play tennis very well.
He is very honest.
He drives very fast.
He can swim very fast.
He spoke very loudly.
He is very angry.
He is too shy to talk to girls.
He is very tall.
He was very tired.
He was too tired to walk any farther.
He is very afraid of his mother.
How fast does he run?
How long has he been absent?
He jumped out of bed.
He's shorter than Tom.
He pulled aside to let a truck pass.
He is an easy mark at cards.
He is a quick-witted man.
He is a quick-witted man.
He cut the meat with a knife.
Why can't he play tennis today?
He had no idea why his wife left him.
He contrived a means of speaking to Nancy privately.
He hates Nancy.
He makes mountains out of molehills.
How fluently he speaks English!
How kind of him to help us move on such a rainy day!
How well he played!
He did not know what to say.
He stayed in New York for three weeks.
He went to New York by airplane.
He knows New York inside out.
They named their cats Tom and Jerry.
He decided not to go to the party.
He didn't show up at the party.
He wasn't able to attend the party.
He will be coming to the party.
He's a professor of biology at Harvard.
He is studying law at Harvard.
He is a student at Harvard.
He flapped the flies away.
He got off the bus.
He took out his passport.
He laid his bag on the table.
He played the part of Hamlet.
He painted a picture of roses.
He contemplated taking a trip to Paris.
He went to London via Paris.
He came all the way from Chicago.
It cost him 50 dollars to rent a car in Hawaii.
He wiped his hands on a handkerchief.
He became a pianist.
He knows how to play the piano.
He was playing the piano.
He drank three bottles of beer.
He obtained a picture which Picasso had painted in his later years.
He has a Picasso.
He is afraid of his own shadow.
He is afraid of his own shadow.
He leaned on his elbows.
He was treated with great cruelty.
He is gross, man!
He was suffering from a bad headache.
He is suffering from a bad cold in the nose.
Harry fell seriously ill.
He has recovered from his bad cold.
He was too drunk to drive home.
He got very drunk.
He is very depressed.
He isn't as energetic as he once was.
He likes taking a walk by himself.
He had a hungry look.
He filled the bottle with water.
He filled the bottle with water.
He scraped the mud off his boots.
He's very fair-minded.
He looks old for his age.
He looks old, but he is still in his twenties.
He has been to France.
He has not been to France.
He has visited France three times.
He is fluent in French.
He can also speak French.
He has a good knowledge of French.
He went to Paris to study French.
He doesn't speak French, neither do I.
He speaks French.
Can he speak French?
He can speak French, and obviously English.
He's not at all afraid of snakes.
He is afraid of snakes.
He is afraid of snakes.
He arrived after the bell rang.
He is lying on the bench.
He didn't believe Ben's words.
He took up his pen and began to write.
He is very good at poker.
He kicked the ball into the goal.
He threw the ball.
He threw the ball against the wall.
He was standing there with a vacant look.
He has much more money than I have.
He put his hands in his pockets.
He felt in his pocket for his wallet.
He pressed the button and waited.
He has all but finished the work.
He has little confidence in himself.
He comes here almost every day.
He seldom, if ever, comes.
He is almost six feet tall.
He translated Homer from the Greek into English.
He bought a Honda.
He seldom, if ever, goes to church.
They came at an inconvenient time.
He is still here.
He could still be alive somewhere.
He is still somewhere about.
He is said to still be in Paris.
He is still very much alive.
He is still sitting on the bench.
He lost his umbrella again.
He hasn't written the letter yet.
He is still not accustomed to city life.
He hasn't answered my letter yet.
He hasn't come yet. He must have missed the bus.
He has no sense of humor.
He lives in the woods all by himself.
He doesn't altogether trust me.
He looks just like his mother.
He struck a match.
Will he be here soon?
He is likely to arrive soon.
He talks as if he knew the secret.
He went on talking as though nothing had happened.
He acts as if he were a king.
Because he was just like a child, he yielded to temptation.
He talks as if he were a teacher.
He drank a whole bottle of milk.
He often quotes Milton.
He was sitting between Mary and Tom.
Did he go to see Mary?
He sent a card to Mary.
He explained to Mary why he was late for her birthday party.
They made fun of Mary.
Even with his glasses, he doesn't see very well.
I met her during my stay in Mexico.
He is making great progress in English.
He seldom comes to see me.
He seldom writes to his father.
He seldom writes to his parents.
Has he come yet?
He no longer lives here.
They made him do the work again.
He is old enough to understand it.
He is old enough to understand it.
He has already finished his homework.
Has he finished his homework yet?
He has left already.
He has left already.
He is no longer a boy.
He should have arrived by now.
He has already had lunch.
They say that he will never return.
He should have been more careful.
He likes green in a lighter shade.
He is old enough to know better.
He would have succeeded had he tried.
He came and had dinner with us.
He had barely enough to eat.
He has no choice but to resign.
He must have drunk too much last night.
He passed on quietly at his home last night.
He lived a moral life.
He is a good student.
He has a sweet voice.
He took a trip to Europe.
He often plays the guitar.
How dare he open my letters!
He often comes late to school.
He often walks to school.
He often sits by me and listens to music.
He often laughs at his own jokes.
He often walks with his hand in his pocket.
He often stays up late at night.
He often eats fish for dinner.
He is good at rugby.
He hit the ball with his racket.
He drove the car, listening to music on the radio.
He knows how to make a radio.
He is absorbed in the study of Latin.
He is a professor of English at Leeds.
He was a big man called Little John.
He stopped over at Los Angeles and Chicago.
He boarded a plane bound for Los Angeles.
He can both speak and write Russian.
He can speak Russian as well.
He can speak Russian as well.
He made a robot.
He took many pictures in London.
He went to London, where he stayed for a week.
He lived in the center of London.
He has gone to London.
He has a good palate for wine.
He didn't do it on purpose.
He stepped on my foot on purpose.
He wants affection.
He used to live here.
He studies much harder than before.
He used to get up early.
He was destined to become a great musician.
He is a great scientist.
He is known as a great poet.
He is a great statesman, and what is more a great scholar.
He's the chairman of the committee.
He broke up the chair for firewood.
He left all his property to his wife in his will.
He is a doctor.
Is he a doctor?
Is he a doctor?
He is not a doctor but a teacher.
He wishes to become a doctor.
He made up his mind to be a doctor.
He made a determination to be a doctor.
He looked like a doctor.
He is nothing but a poet.
He went away without saying a word.
He lived here for a time.
He lived in France for some time, then went to Italy.
He has been sick for a week.
He left for Europe a week ago, that is, on the tenth of May.
He is alone.
He has traveled around the world in eighty days by himself.
He lives by himself.
He lives by himself.
He likes to travel by himself.
I like a solitary walk.
I like a solitary walk.
He likes to travel alone.
He tries hard.
He studied very hard.
He remained single all his life.
He threw a piece of meat to a dog.
He carried six boxes at a time.
He has never played golf.
He has never been late for school.
He played tennis all day long.
He has been absorbed in the novel all day without eating.
He shared his box of biscuits with all his friends.
He was killed by a single bullet.
He fell in love with her at first sight.
He put his things carelessly in the drawer.
He gave me a lecture on drinking.
He extended his right arm.
He was the first man to float in space.
He goes to work on foot every day except on rainy days.
He sought shelter from the rain.
He seems to have told a lie.
He is a bad driver.
He is good at driving.
He can drive a car.
He failed to pass his driving test.
He is the manager of the marketing department.
He taught me how to swim.
He learned how to swim.
He can't swim.
He is fond of swimming.
English is not easy for him to learn.
He has a good command of English.
He has made little progress in his English.
He can't speak English, can he?
Does he speak English?
He read a book written in English.
He keeps a diary in English.
He speaks only English and German, neither of which I understand.
He can speak English and French.
He speaks English and French.
He is busy learning English.
He can speak both English and French very well.
He speaks both English and French.
He doesn't know English at all.
He has a good grasp of English.
He speaks English a little.
I decided to go to college to major in English.
He went to London to study English.
He is speaking English.
He started to speak English.
Can he speak English?
He has some experience in teaching English.
He studied English history.
Born in England, he speaks British English.
He doesn't know how to write a letter in English.
He majors in English literature.
He will have to go to the station.
He will have to go to the station.
He left his luggage at the station.
He is used to making speeches.
He does not smoke.
He watched from a distance.
He put down the pencil on the desk.
He took a pencil in his hand.
He got his wife to mend his shirt.
He will succeed to the throne.
He was more than a king.
He likes music very much.
He is very fond of music.
He likes sports as well as music.
He is mad about music.
He applied himself to the study of music.
He went to Italy for the purpose of studying music.
He has a remarkable aptitude for music.
He has gone to Italy to study music.
He likes both music and sports.
He is playing music.
He was listening to music.
He wrote a letter, listening to music.
He went to Italy in order to study music.
He went to Austria for the purpose of studying music.
He is poor at chemistry.
He wants something cold to drink.
He was able to do everything at will.
He talks as if he knows everything.
He managed to get home before dark.
He has nothing in him.
Everything seems to go right with him.
He preferred working to doing nothing.
He did nothing wrong.
He said nothing, which made her angry.
What does he want to do?
What is he so angry about?
What did he look up?
He went on reading the book as if nothing had happened.
When did he say he would come?
He has dozens of books about Japan.
He has dozens of English books.
There is nothing wrong with him.
He has been to Europe many times.
He got thrown out of the house.
He made over the interior of his house.
He walked home.
He has just left home.
I hear that he sold his house.
He advertised his house for sale.
He likes to cook for his family.
He worked hard in order that his family might live in comfort.
He took a photograph of the family.
He sang while working.
He is not a singer, but an actor.
He saw that he was wrong.
He represented our company at the conference.
He wants to come along with us to the movie.
He gave us a detailed account of his experiences in Africa.
He offered his help to us.
He is the best player on our team.
He lives next door to us.
He failed to follow our advice.
He makes friends with everybody he meets.
He called in to say he could not attend the meeting.
He tends to be late for meetings.
He kept silent during the meeting.
He goes to the office by car.
He works with me at the office.
He was still in his teens when he founded a company.
He knows a lot about foreign affairs.
He studied abroad.
He likes to travel abroad.
He is a waiter in a seaside restaurant.
He is respected by everyone.
He went up the steps slowly.
He has written lots of books about his experience abroad.
He lived abroad for many years.
He was determined to go abroad.
He is quick at learning a foreign language.
He has a lot of foreign stamps.
They defended their country against the invaders.
He cleared his throat.
He regrets not having worked harder at school.
He is doing very well at school.
He apologized to the teacher for coming to school late.
He is a member of the tennis club in our school.
He doesn't have to go to school.
He is enjoying his school life.
He is a learned man.
He has not only learning but experience.
He's popular with the students.
He drove his car, whistling merrily.
He can read English easily.
He got a broken jaw and lost some teeth.
He is full of energy.
He lost a fortune in the stock market.
He likes anything sweet.
He lived a simple life.
He is afraid of making mistakes.
He must have taken the wrong train.
He took the wrong bus by mistake.
He is wearing glasses.
He put on his glasses and began to read.
He took off his glasses.
He appears to be strong and healthy.
He knows a lot of people.
He works in the planning section.
He narrowly escaped being killed.
He was willing to help others.
He moved the desk to the right.
He was disappointed that things didn't turn out as he'd hoped.
He offered more than could be expected.
He promised to return and yet he didn't.
He had an accident on his way home.
He met Sammy Davis, Jr. on his way home.
He's interested in many things.
He was excluded from the club for infractions of the rules.
He is very busy writing stories.
He is going to be an engineer.
He wanted to succeed, even at the cost of his health.
He has completely lost all sense of duty.
He was appointed chairman.
He came to school after a long absence.
I wonder if he can lend me his guitar during the vacation.
He began to cry.
He was made fun of by his classmates.
He tried to give up smoking last year, but it was in vain.
He has not written to us since last February.
He doesn't like fish.
He doesn't like fish.
He doesn't eat raw fish.
He bought a small house in Kyoto.
He may have left for Kyoto.
He is studying at Kyoto University.
He endeavored to win the contest.
He has investigated the possibility of cooperation.
He began to shout.
He heard a shout.
He's strong.
He looks strong.
He was in prison on a charge of robbery.
He had his hat blown off by the strong wind.
He placed emphasis on the importance of education.
He is a teacher.
He is a teacher.
He is a teacher.
He is not a teacher but a doctor.
He has little experience in teaching.
He earned his living as a teacher.
He earned his living as a teacher.
He has decided to become a teacher.
He is unfit to be a teacher.
He picked up a mirror and examined his tongue.
He looked at me in surprise.
He was charged with a secret mission.
He vowed to give up smoking.
He is getting along with his employees.
He was made a fool of by his neighbors.
He is getting along with his neighborhood.
He is getting along with his neighborhood.
He majors in modern literature.
He could not go on a trip for lack of money.
He married for money.
He asked for some money.
He pinched and scraped for many years to save money.
He invested his money in stocks.
He stole my money from the safe.
He is said to be rich.
He seemed to have been rich.
He worked day and night so that he might become rich.
He is careless about money.
He got a loan from the bank.
He has plenty of money in the bank.
He pretended to be a stupid man.
He lives in a world of fantasy.
Hunger urged him to steal.
He came across this old coin in an antique shop.
It happened that he found the treasure.
He had his socks on inside out.
He had his socks on inside out.
He'll do whatever you ask him to.
He runs as fast as you.
He wants you to stay here.
Did he tell you what to do?
He'll be glad to see you.
He was scared you would shoot him.
He's very angry with you.
He is angry with you.
He asked after you.
He's much taller than you.
He's stronger than you.
He's a little taller than you are.
He may have misunderstood you.
I thought he loved you, but as it is, he loved another girl.
He differs from his brother.
He ran to catch up to his brother.
He isn't less clever than his brother.
He is less clever than his elder brother.
He ran faster than his brother did.
Does he have any brothers?
He is doing very well considering he lacks experience.
He is lacking in experience.
He relies on his wife financially.
He explained his plan both to my son and to me.
He got away disguised as a policeman.
As soon as he saw a policeman, he ran away.
He notified the police of the traffic accident.
He is not interested in art at all.
He realized his dream of becoming an artist.
He left the room in a rage.
It may safely be said that he will never succeed in business.
He is the last person to speak ill of others.
He is by no means bright.
He never looks down on poor people.
He never goes out late at night.
He is married with two children.
He plays golf two or three times a month.
He goes to London once a month.
He works from Monday to Friday.
He went to New York on Monday.
His health has enabled him to succeed in life.
He did it at the expense of his health.
He is an aggressive person.
He succumbed to authority.
He carried a rifle on his shoulder.
He was walking with his shoulders squared.
He was wounded in the shoulder.
He is not as old as he seems.
He is not as young as he looks.
He is much older than he looks.
He looks like a clever boy.
He adhered to the original plan.
He saw a dog near the door.
He is not content with his present salary.
He has a liking for modern music.
He studies contemporary literature.
He is a man of few words, but he always keeps his promise.
He likes collecting old coins.
He is as great a scientist as ever lived.
He was roused by a loud knocking at the door.
He hid himself behind the door.
He painted the door over white.
He deliberately exposed her to danger.
He came at three in the afternoon.
He will come this afternoon.
He kept me waiting all morning.
He shut the door behind him.
He failed to see the stop sign at the intersection and hit an oncoming car.
He was injured in a traffic accident.
He was slightly injured in a traffic accident.
He was seriously injured in a traffic accident.
He got injured in a traffic accident.
He met with a traffic accident.
He himself was not the light.
He may be jogging around the park.
He was arrested for abusing public funds.
He was sitting there with a pipe in his mouth.
He shaved his mustache off.
He works in a factory.
He is happy.
He may not be happy.
He didn't die happily.
I believe that he's happy.
He works for an advertising agency.
He studied for ten years.
He set fire to the school building.
He has just become a principal.
He ordered a cup of tea.
He has no manners at all.
He gave in.
He has a long nose.
He is a student at a high school.
He is not a high school student.
He is free from pride.
He gave his life for his country.
He traveled around the country.
He wore a dark sweater.
He has a habit of looking down on coloured people.
He got wet from the waist to the knees.
He is rotten to the core.
He has an eye for antiques.
He has an eye for antiques.
He's out now.
He will be back in a second.
He is not what he was.
He is sure to pass the exam if he studies at this rate.
He doesn't live there anymore.
He is on the radio.
He is now either in Rome or in Paris.
What is he doing now?
He is in London on business now.
He has been very busy this week.
He's busy with his homework now.
He is studying in the library now.
He will play golf next Sunday.
He brought his lunch today.
He is at home today.
I doubt if he'll come to school today.
He is absent from school today.
He may come today.
He is to come to my house tonight.
He will reach Hakodate tonight.
I wonder if he'll come tonight.
He is reading a book.
He is reading a book.
He may come and see us tonight.
He could not forsake his friend in trouble.
He has an interest in collecting insects.
He hurt his left hand.
He likes coffee without sugar.
He sat listening to the radio.
As soon as he sat down, he picked up the telephone.
He has recently returned from France.
He canceled the appointment at the last moment.
He objected to his wife working outside.
He is living apart from his wife.
He seldom gives his wife presents.
He bent over backward to please his wife.
With all the talent he has, he never makes any effort.
He became more obstinate as he grew older.
He grows tomatoes in his garden.
His sense of guilt was diminished.
He passed his property on to his son.
He claimed to be an expert in finance.
He took out the wallet from his inside jacket pocket.
He made many grammatical mistakes in his composition.
He worked all day yesterday.
He was late for school yesterday.
He got hurt in the game yesterday.
He was watching TV last night.
He slept well last night.
Did he study English yesterday?
He did not eat anything yesterday.
He returned from abroad yesterday.
He was absent from school yesterday.
He died yesterday.
He died yesterday.
He died yesterday.
He died yesterday.
He took me to the park yesterday.
He visited his uncle yesterday.
He was absent from school yesterday because he was ill.
He got into this school in September last year.
He changed schools last year.
He changed schools last year.
He has been sick since last night.
He wishes he had gone to the theater last night.
He saw a UFO flying last night.
He had his car stolen last night.
He came home late last night.
He came home late last night.
He was accused of murder.
He witnessed the murder.
He pulled up the weed and threw it away.
He has been to London three times.
He won the third prize.
He used his umbrella as a weapon.
He came from a tiny mountain town.
He is taking a walk.
He made the best of the time left.
He went to Nagoya on business.
He had an accident at work.
He got hurt in the accident at work.
He earns more money than he can spend.
He has three elder sisters.
He had his sister help him paint the wall of his room.
He gave his children a good education.
When he was a child, he would go fishing on Sundays.
He objects to being treated like a child.
He is good at dealing with children.
He was severe with his children.
He is acquainted with the mayor.
He was elected mayor.
He is one of the candidates running for mayor.
He is going to run for mayor.
It appears that he is mistaken.
He is afraid of death.
He amassed a large fortune before he died.
He didn't fear death.
He thanked me for coming.
He helped me to get over the difficulties.
He stole my watch.
He suspects me of telling a lie.
He is the tallest man that I have ever seen.
He is not the man that he was when I first knew him.
He died previous to my arrival.
He lives across the street from us.
He told us an interesting story.
He told us an interesting story.
My mother told us an interesting story.
He suggested to us that we should stay.
He was an entire stranger to us.
He tried to speak French to us.
He teaches us English.
He made a desk and two benches for us.
He gave us the signal to begin.
He gave us the signal to begin.
He tried speaking French to us.
He told us many lessons.
He gave us not only clothes but some money.
He brought us sad news.
It is possible that he will come to our party.
He is our teacher of English.
He broke in on our conversation.
He is a teacher at our school.
He rejected our offer.
He kept us waiting for more than an hour.
He took us back in his car.
He is as tall as I.
He is as old as I.
He asked me what I had bought.
He asked me who had painted the picture.
He said to me, "You look sad. What is the matter with you?"
He told me that I looked pale and asked me what the matter was.
He gave me 10,000 yen.
He sent me some American magazines.
He showed me his album.
He showed me his photograph album.
He found me a good seat.
He gave me some money.
He told me an interesting story.
He paid me a compliment.
He commanded me to leave the room immediately.
He bought me a nice camera.
He gave me a nice Christmas present.
He promised me to pay back the money.
He gave me precise instructions to do the job.
He requested me to keep it secret.
He found me a taxi.
He called me a cab.
He slipped me a note.
He told me to speak more slowly.
He gave me a good piece of advice.
He told me not to tell lies.
He came to see me.
He came to my house on the pretext of seeing me.
He scrunched down in his seat so that I wouldn't see him.
He asked me a question.
He denied having written to me.
He asked me to help him.
He didn't give me anything to eat.
He rang me up at midnight.
He gave a nice present to me.
He asked if I liked Chinese food.
He wrote me a long letter.
He asked me two questions.
He asked me my age, my name, my address, and so forth.
He begged me to stay.
He told me that she was sick.
He advised me not to believe what she says.
He asked me if I knew her telephone number.
He let me leave the room.
He asked me if I was busy.
He got engaged to my cousin.
He gave me a smile of recognition.
He made me sing on the stage.
He found my bike.
He is an old friend of mine.
He looked over my report.
He acted as my guide.
He accepted my idea.
He is my best friend.
He lives far away from my house.
He is my classmate.
He doesn't live in my neighborhood.
He isn't my brother. He's my cousin.
He's a friend of my brother's.
He's a friend of my brother's.
He tapped me on the shoulder.
He turns a deaf ear to me.
He doesn't speak our language.
He is acquainted with my wife.
He has three times as many books as I have.
He came to my office yesterday.
He didn't respond to my question.
He caught my hand and pulled me to the second floor.
He seized me by the neck.
He turned down my offer.
He is one of my best friends.
He was jealous of my success.
He congratulated me on my success.
He wouldn't listen to my advice.
He would not listen to my advice.
He didn't agree to my proposal.
He wouldn't look at my proposal.
He wouldn't look at my proposal.
He earns double my salary.
He cured my illness.
He is my father.
He is my father.
He entered my room.
He came into my room.
He did not accept my apologies.
He is a man after my own heart.
He deprived my little sister of all her toys.
I owe him my life.
He is my friend.
He is my Mr Right.
He said, "I want to be a scientist."
He outweighs me by 10 kg.
He is two inches taller than I am.
He has more books than I do.
He speaks English better than I do.
He is immediately above me in rank.
He walked before me.
He can run faster than I.
He is taller than I.
He is a head taller than me.
He is cleverer than I.
He took me for an Englishman.
He looked me over from head to foot.
He introduced me to Sue.
He treats me as if I am a stranger.
He often takes me for a drive.
I wonder if he loves me.
He invited me to his house.
As soon as he saw me, he ran away.
He sold me down the river.
He made mistakes on purpose to annoy me.
Not only did he refuse to help me, but also he scolded me.
He invited me to dinner.
He kept me waiting.
He flatly refused to let me in.
He treats me like his slave.
He introduced me to his parents.
He teaches us history.
He has good eyesight.
He has poor eyesight.
He isn't a poet; he's a prose writer.
He was caught cheating in the exam.
He is sure of passing the examination.
He couldn't pass the examination.
He could pass the examination, could not he?
He studied hard so as to pass the examination.
He failed the exam, but he doesn't care too much.
He is likely to win the game.
He is sure of winning the game.
He went to the dentist.
He intended to reexamine the case from the beginning.
He rushed out of the office.
He gave me what money he had with him.
He regrets having wasted his time.
He arrived in time.
He arrived in time.
He fixed the watch for me.
He sometimes watches TV.
He occasionally visited me.
He is sometimes absent from school.
He sometimes makes dinner for us.
He comes to visit us every now and then.
He is trying to keep up with the current of the times.
He answered as follows.
He got off at the next station.
He may be on the next train.
He may be on the next train.
He stuck his pencil behind his ear.
He drives his own car.
He tried to kill himself.
He tried to kill himself but it ended in failure.
He committed suicide.
He went by bicycle.
He went by bicycle.
He is washing his car.
He is unable to buy a car.
He cannot afford to buy a car.
He cannot afford to buy a car, much less a house.
He was hurt in a car accident.
He was killed in a car accident.
He acknowledged his faults.
He convinced me of his innocence.
He confessed that he was guilty.
He had the illusion that he was a genius.
He thought that he was a genius.
He is regretting his action.
He built a new house for himself.
He explained his plans in detail.
He got his meaning across to me.
He died content with his life.
He lost his reason when he saw his house burn down.
He has a house of his own.
He hid his emotions and pretended to be enthusiastic.
He made the most of his opportunities.
He does not seem pleased with his condition.
He regrets his having wasted his money.
He brought his dog to school.
He admitted his mistakes.
He always left the problem of his children's education to his wife.
He could not believe his ears.
He ascribes his failure to bad luck.
He compared his car to the new model.
He was never content with his success.
He attributes his success to good luck.
He saved the drowning boy at the risk of his own life.
His quick temper will get him in trouble one day.
His quick temper will get him in trouble one day.
Did he admit that he was wrong?
He is afraid of his father.
He is always complaining of his room being small.
He entered his room.
He was cleaning his room.
He has his own room.
He was proud of his daughter.
He didn't hear his name called.
He heard his name called from behind.
He repeated his name slowly.
He cannot so much as write his own name.
He saved my life at the risk of his own.
He saved the baby at the cost of his life.
He saved the drowning child at the cost of his own life.
He admitted his guilt.
He has more than five dictionaries.
He lived to be seventy years old.
He has lost his job.
He has lost his job.
He gave correct answers to the questions.
He does speak well.
He has a strong influence over the business world.
He hasn't actually been to America.
He hasn't actually been to America.
He belongs to the camera club.
He felt alienated from society.
He came by car.
He went to Boston by car.
He was run over by a car.
He does not know how to drive a car.
He got out from under the car.
He cannot buy a car, still less a house.
He backed his car into the garage.
He drives a car, doesn't he?
He is old enough to drive.
He is old enough to drive.
He has an abhorrence of snakes.
Though young, he is wise.
Young as he is, he is a good doctor.
He used to get up early when he was young.
He is young and, what is more, handsome.
He was too young to live alone.
He looks young.
He was a weak and delicate child.
He put a Band-Aid on his hand.
He had a book in his hand.
He went to New York as soon as he got the letter.
He has written a letter.
He has written a letter.
He handed the letter to the secretary.
He tore up his letter into small bits and threw them out the window.
He is wearing gloves.
He tried many different methods.
He committed suicide by hanging himself.
He had his head in the clouds in class.
He was the last but two to arrive.
He may have missed the last train.
He often stays away from home on the weekend.
He left high school at seventeen.
I saw him after ten years.
He has been dead for ten years.
He could not come because of his serious illness.
He made an important discovery.
He stayed at his aunt's house.
He was busy with his homework.
He must finish his homework today.
He has postponed his departure until tomorrow.
When he writes, he always keeps a dictionary at hand.
He can't even read, let alone write.
He was forced to sign the document.
He has no eye for women.
He bowed to the Queen.
He teaches in a girls' high school.
He disguised himself as a woman.
He looks down on women.
He married an actress.
He lay injured on the ground.
He sold his business and retired.
He went to New York on business.
He often goes abroad on business.
He went to Tokyo on business.
He traveled on business.
He wants to be a policeman in the future.
He crossed the river in a small boat.
He grew up in a little village.
He prefers poetry to fiction.
He is a novelist and poet.
He is getting better bit by bit.
He can't swim at all, but when it comes to skiing, he is the best.
He shows no mark of progress.
He said, "Let's take a short rest."
He looks a bit tired, doesn't he?
He has at least one thousand books.
He took a glance at the girl.
He caught a boy stealing his watch.
He was sitting on the floor.
He dropped his books on the floor.
He lived in Matsue for seven years.
He has a passive character.
He was afraid of being laughed at.
He deposited the prize money in the bank.
He was looking upward to the sky.
He was in good spirits.
He pretends to be enthusiastic when his boss is around.
He plays the guitar well.
He is good at riding a horse.
He entertained us with jokes all evening.
He is lacking in common sense.
He gave me food and money as well.
He is eating.
He has a good appetite.
He cannot be trusted.
He had to stay in bed.
Is he sleeping?
He went over to the other side.
He could do nothing but give up his plan against his will.
He thought to himself, "No!" Aloud he said, "Yes."
He turned over the matter in his mind.
He laughed a hearty laugh.
He felt his heart beating fast.
He quickly accustomed himself to his new surroundings.
He bought a new pair of shoes.
He wants to get a new dictionary.
He can't afford to buy a new car.
He bought a new pair of gloves.
He had decided on a new policy.
He got accustomed to the new way of living.
He has the problem of adapting to a new way of life.
He likes to read newspapers.
He stopped reading the newspaper.
He could not breathe deeply.
He is gifted with perfect wisdom.
He told the truth.
He gave me a ring at midnight.
He doesn't believe in God.
People like him because he is kind.
He was kind enough to lend me some money.
He grieved at the death of his best friend.
He is independent of his parents.
He is aware of his danger.
He was willing to work for others.
He made his way through the crowd.
He fought against racial discrimination.
He was glad to avail himself of any means to succeed in life.
He lived abroad for much of his life.
He was laughed at in public.
He's used to speaking in public.
He is used to speaking in public.
He asked for a drink of water.
He drank three glasses of water.
He cannot swim.
He is too drunk to drive home.
He is out of control when drunk.
He likes mathematics, but I don't.
He got a good grade in mathematics.
He died some years since.
It is said that he is the richest man in the world.
He traveled around the world.
He made a journey around the world.
He broke the world record.
He is one of the greatest scientists in the world.
He traveled all over the world.
He tried to enlarge his sphere of influence.
He persisted in his work until he succeeded.
He grew up to be a doctor.
He grew up to be an engineer.
He has no sense of right and wrong.
He wore a mask so that no one could recognize him.
He looks like an honest man.
He put on clean trousers.
He is by nature a kind person and is popular with the children in his neighborhood.
He has an innate love of adventure.
He had various experiences in his life.
He told the students to be quiet.
He cheated on the biology exam.
He is a biologist.
He has been engaged in the study of biology for nearly ten years.
He insured himself.
He told us to keep quiet.
He's always been kind to me.
He is not the cheerful man he was.
He used to be a nice boy.
He threw a stone into the pond.
He has a strong sense of responsibility.
He looked after the baby.
It seems that he likes collecting stamps.
He was late because of the snow.
He divorced his wife last month.
He went to America last week.
Is he a teacher?
He is swimming in the river.
He was killed in the war.
He was wounded in the war.
He gave the same answer as before.
He amassed a fortune in stock trading during the last boom.
He is a promising young man.
He doesn't know the difference between right and wrong.
He won the prize for excellence in all subjects.
He risked losing all his fortune.
He was covered with mud from head to foot.
He didn't speak to me at all.
He didn't study at all.
He used to be an imaginative boy.
He was granted permission to leave early.
He did not get up early.
He is used to getting up early.
He knocked his opponent out.
He denies having broken the window.
He spoke for ten minutes without a pause.
He held his breath.
He flew a kite with his son.
He told his son an interesting story.
He made his son a chair.
He left his son a large fortune.
He was angry with his son.
He shook his son by the shoulder.
He is very much concerned about the future of his son.
He named his son James.
He made his son a wealthy man.
He sat there with his legs crossed.
He resigned from the job to take the responsibility for the loss.
He is said to have been the richest man in the village.
He is better than anyone else.
He told me to be kind to others.
He says what he thinks regardless of other people's feelings.
He is confronted by many difficulties.
He was somewhat excited.
He is not likely to succeed.
He seemed worried about his health.
He is very hard on lazy people.
He carries a bag on his back.
He is going to be a doctor when he grows up.
He succeeded in the face of great difficulties.
He works in a big city hospital.
He was holding a large box in his arms.
He has a large family.
He majored in drama at college.
He studies history at college.
He's saving up to go to college.
He studied hard in order to get into college.
He is fresh from college, so he has no experience.
After he had graduated from the university, he taught English for two years.
He won't go on to graduate school.
He is not so much a professor as a school teacher.
He has lived off his parents for ten years since he graduated from college.
He's a late bloomer.
He left the office in great haste.
He got a lot of money.
He is a good carpenter.
He left Tokyo for Osaka.
He made his way to the minister.
He came in spite of the heavy snow.
He is about your age.
He was elected president.
He married a very pretty girl.
He seems to be very sleepy.
He's good at flying kites.
Each time he escaped, he returned to this region.
He crowded the books into the shelves.
He is only someone's stooge.
He was very friendly to everybody.
He promised me that he won't tell anybody.
He didn't see anybody.
He went out of the room without being noticed by anyone.
He is nothing more than an egoist.
He is acquisitive of knowledge.
He likes geography and history.
He will regret it sooner or later.
He will come back sooner or later.
He made many excuses for being late.
He managed to get there in time.
He took a taxi to get there in time.
He's afraid that he might be late.
He is apt to be late.
He excused himself for being late.
He invented an excuse for being late.
He walked back and forth in front of the door, hesitating to enter.
He should have bought a used car.
He wrote a book on China.
He wrote a lot of books on China.
He is fluent in Chinese.
He did not appear until about noon.
He bumped his head against a post.
He was appointed ambassador to Britain.
He was accredited to the United States to represent Japan.
He carried on working from morning till night.
He does nothing but complain from morning till night.
He began to eat his breakfast.
He began to eat his breakfast.
He had a shower before breakfast.
He took a walk before breakfast.
He runs a supermarket in the town.
He is richer than anyone else in the town.
He knows a lot about butterflies.
He was waiting for a long time.
He's writing a long letter.
He was born in Nagasaki.
He wears his hair long.
He likes to watch the birds fly above his head.
He was standing at the street corner.
He was nearly hit by the car while crossing the street.
He found a ball in the garden.
He likes to work in the garden.
He likes to work in the garden.
He likes taking care of the garden.
He looked young beside his brother.
He is a thief.
He repented having betrayed his country to the enemy.
He hung a lamp from the ceiling.
He painted the ceiling blue.
He is a genius.
It seems that he is interested in astronomy.
He put a Closed sign on the front door of the store.
He got hurt when he fell down.
He is leading an easy life in the country.
He may have missed the train.
He may have taken the wrong train.
He forgot to turn off the light.
He's talking on the telephone.
He'll come on foot or by bicycle.
He stressed the convenient aspects of city life.
He is an expert in the area of city planning.
With all his efforts, he couldn't succeed.
He has made a fortune through hard work.
He hurt his left foot when he fell.
He lives in the suburbs of Tokyo.
He graduated from Tokyo University.
He is the last man to steal.
He was detected in the very act of stealing.
I took it for granted that he would keep his word.
He looked for every possible means of escape.
He stared at me from head to foot.
He hit his head against a rock.
He hit his head against a rock.
He saves what he earns.
He is hardly friendly with his fellow workers.
He is popular among his colleagues.
He may have lost his way.
He lives just across the road.
He anonymously donated a large sum of money to the Red Cross.
He killed himself by taking poison.
He taught himself French.
He was opposed to monopolies.
He has a lot of original ideas.
He has too many books.
He wants a book to read.
He says that he will lend me the book when he is done with it.
He was tired from reading.
He was completely engrossed in the book.
He got tired of reading.
He suddenly took a liking to detective stories.
He is introverted.
He wrote a book about the American Civil War.
He solved the difficult problem.
He has been studying for two hours.
He has been teaching for 20 years.
He paid double fare.
He never goes out after dark.
He is getting better day by day.
He is a famous composer.
He is one of the most famous singers in Japan.
He is also very famous in Japan.
He doesn't know much about Japan.
He is one of the greatest artists in Japan.
He is a Japanese boy.
He is familiar with Japanese culture.
He is very much interested in Japanese history.
He is very much interested in Japanese history. We are surprised at his vast knowledge of the subject.
He has only a superficial knowledge of Japanese.
He always wanted to study Japanese.
He rarely stays home on Sunday.
He's always at home on Sundays.
He's not always at home on Sundays.
He cleaned his room on Sunday.
He works every day except Sunday.
He was standing at the door.
He passed the entrance examination.
He accomplished his mission.
He dried his wet clothes by the fire.
He sipped the hot coffee slowly.
He became wiser as he grew older.
Since he is old, this task must be difficult for him.
He likes to get on the horse and go out.
He is not stupid.
He is not stupid.
He is no fool.
He is no fool.
He died of lung cancer.
He is afraid of getting lung cancer.
He will come into a large fortune.
He is a friendly person.
He is beginning to lose his hair.
He had his hair cut short.
He devoted the last years of his life to writing his autobiography.
He helps whoever asks him to help.
He made the most of his opportunity.
He is playing in his room.
He made a clean break with them.
He is furious at what they have done to him.
He did not accept their invitation.
He admonished them for being noisy.
He waited until she came.
He accepted her gift.
He decided to marry her.
He knows better than to marry her.
He knows better than to marry her.
He is as tall as her.
He is as tall as she.
He asked her to call him later.
He asked her where her mother was.
He bought her a sweater.
He is particularly kind to her.
He gave her a piece of advice.
He advised her to stop drinking.
He picked flowers for her.
He asked her to marry him, but she refused.
He asked her to marry him, and she accepted.
He gave her a piece of paper.
He said to her under his breath, "I love you."
He made her a bookshelf.
He selected a Christmas gift for her.
He tried to kill himself because he lost her love.
He stole money from her wallet.
He intruded on her privacy.
He was attracted by her smile.
He made no mention of her request.
He caught her by the arm.
He took her out for a drive.
He loves her. She loves him, too.
He is the last person to give away the secret.
He had kept the secret to himself.
He pushed the emergency button.
He is endowed with unusual ability in mathematics.
He hates air travel.
He went from Tokyo to Osaka by plane.
He doesn't like traveling by air.
He never fails to write to his parents once a month.
He is sure to accomplish his purpose.
He has a good reputation.
He has a good reputation.
He wants to work in a hospital.
He may have been ill.
He was ill, so he couldn't come.
He was absent from school because he was sick.
He seems to be ill.
He was absent from school on account of illness.
He's pale because he's sick.
He was absent from school because of illness.
He cannot be ill.
It looks as if he were sick.
Poor as he is, he is happy.
He is not ashamed of being poor.
He has an incurable disease.
He reproached me for carelessness.
He is hard to get along with.
He helped the lady into the car.
He equates wealth with happiness.
He is proud that his father was a great scientist.
He avenged the murder of his father.
He felt sad because he lost his father.
He has as many books as his father does.
He resembles his father very much.
He never takes any notice of what his father says.
He took over his father's business.
He must succeed to his father's business.
He substituted for his father.
He succeeded to his father's large property.
He ignored his father's advice.
He is concerned about his father's illness.
He died of a heart attack on the stage.
He said he did not enter the room, which was a lie.
He ran into the room.
He entered the room.
He had to clean his room.
He keeps his room clean.
He made himself heard across the room.
He must have gotten over his cold.
He works at the welfare office.
He is good at solving complicated mathematical problems.
He is a man of understanding.
He had a book on physics published.
He pretended not to be listening.
He pretended not to be listening.
He placed the ladder against the fence.
He threw a ball over the fence.
He was leaning against the wall.
He drew a straight line on the wall.
He painted all the walls green.
I hear he's just begun looking for another job.
He was at a loss for an answer.
He concentrated on his studies.
He applied himself to his study.
While he was studying, he fell asleep.
He should have been a lawyer.
Does he go to school on foot or by bicycle?
He has to support his mother and his sister.
His mother is worried about him.
He held a package under his arm.
He held a package under his arm.
He played baseball after school.
He played baseball after school.
He was expelled from school.
He pointed out how important it is to observe the law.
He broke the law.
He got a master's degree in law.
He stood there with his hat on.
He is apt to forget.
Is he busy?
He lived a busy life.
He is fond of adventure.
He has been in Hokkaido before.
He has gone to Hokkaido.
He has been to Hokkaido.
He postponed leaving for Hokkaido until next month.
He is not from Hokkaido.
He helped me do my homework.
He objected to our plan.
He introduced me to a pretty girl.
He pressed me for a prompt reply.
He showed me her picture.
He patted me on the shoulder.
He disregarded my advice.
He reluctantly agreed to my proposal.
He called me Ichiro.
He is badly off, because his book doesn't sell well.
He left the book on the table.
He tore the book apart.
He stretched out his arm to take the book.
He dropped in at the bookstore.
He got down the book from the shelf.
He put the books on the shelf out of order.
He's really in good shape.
He earns half a million yen a month.
He said that he gets up at 6 o'clock every day.
He never misses reading the papers every day.
He walks his dog every morning.
He walks in the park every morning.
He makes it a rule to take a walk every morning.
He drinks a glass of water every morning.
He does not come here every day.
He does not come here every day.
He doesn't come here every day.
He doesn't come here every day.
He called me up almost every day.
Does he study English every day?
He practiced every day at home.
He runs in the park every day.
He likes to spend some time in solitude every day.
He plays baseball every day.
He goes to Karuizawa every year.
He skis in Hokkaido every winter.
He calls her up every night.
He does nothing but read comics.
He looked asleep, but he was really dead.
He made me go against my will.
He was forced to work overtime.
He bought his daughter a dress.
He bought his daughter a new dress.
He left his daughter a great fortune.
He kissed his daughter on the forehead.
He introduced his daughter to me.
He is just a Mr Nobody.
His life is in danger.
He rescued the dog at the risk of his own life.
I'm sure he will come tomorrow.
He will come to you tomorrow.
He may come tomorrow afternoon.
He is going to leave tomorrow afternoon.
He will arrive in Paris tomorrow.
He will be at home tomorrow.
He will be free tomorrow.
He will be busy tomorrow.
He will be back tomorrow.
He is flying to Paris tomorrow.
They are going off by plane tomorrow.
He will play baseball tomorrow.
He will come tomorrow.
I believe he is coming tomorrow.
He made a speech in plain English.
He seldom goes to church.
He hardly ever opens a book.
He likes to build model planes.
He was sleeping under the tree.
He cut some branches off the tree.
He came in with his eyes shining.
He kissed her, with his eyes closed.
He closed his eyes.
He will come back.
He used to read at night.
He fell into the habit of keeping late hours.
He is good at baseball.
He is a baseball player.
He prefers football to baseball.
He doesn't care much for baseball.
He doesn't care much for baseball.
He's very good at playing baseball.
He may become a baseball player.
He is a member of the baseball club.
She eats nothing but vegetables.
He stuck to his promise.
He came five minutes behind the appointed time.
He is always on time for an appointment.
He was in time for the appointment.
He was an excellent scientist, and what is more, was a great poet.
He is an excellent fixer, and has always been regarded as such.
He's an excellent brain surgeon.
He graduated from Harvard University with honors.
He is wanting in courage.
He borrowed money from his friend.
He had used up all the money which his friend had lent him.
He was laughed at by his friends.
He was laughed at by his friends.
He shook hands with his friend.
He hid his friend from the police.
He teaches English to his friends.
He was looked up to by all his friends.
They say that he is an able man.
I'm sure he is a man of ability.
He is a promising youth.
He is a famous baseball player.
He made use of every opportunity to become famous.
He is the son of a wealthy family.
He would often read detective stories after supper.
He came home late in the evening.
He tried to unify the various groups.
He tried to act cheerfully, but we all knew how sad he felt.
He says he won't come.
I don't think that he will come.
He will come.
I think he'll come.
He promised to come, and didn't.
He comes back from Singapore next January.
He will travel abroad next year.
He is depressed.
He is a lump of selfishness.
Although he may be clever, he is not wise.
He has to take two science classes.
He gave his reasons in brief.
He entered the army.
He walked away.
He kept a diary during the trip.
He is making preparations for a trip.
He grasped the rope with two hands.
He had a big box in his arms.
He caused his parents a lot of anxiety.
He often writes to his parents.
He wrote to his parents.
He complained of the dish tasting bad.
He looks like a good boy.
He pulled with all his strength but the rock would not move.
He is my neighbor, but I don't know him well.
He poured cold water over himself.
He has a lot of books on history.
He set out on his historic voyage.
Will he be able to catch the train?
He walked back and forth on the platform while waiting for the train.
He spared no pains to help me.
He wasn't given any reward for his service.
He offered his seat to an old woman.
He did not speak unless spoken to.
He kept talking.
He went mad when he heard the story.
Would you like to leave a message for him?
He has finally shown his true colors.
Do you know when they will arrive?
It was obvious that they had told a lie.
I know they're in love with each other.
I wish they would stop fighting.
They have been here for an hour.
When I saw them on a date, I asked them, "Do I hear wedding bells?"
We didn't know what train they'd be on.
All of them are not poor.
It was before dawn that they got the fire under control.
They have been married for four years.
We do not anticipate their buying a new car.
The precise time of their arrival is not known.
They are hugging and kissing.
They welcomed me warmly, so I felt at home.
They have two sons and one daughter.
They had a baby last week.
None of them could understand what she was implying.
Their quarrel sprung from misunderstanding.
Let them take care of themselves.
I guess most of them went home.
It is your business to take care of them.
Their house is being remodeled.
From the way they look, I would say that they failed.
In the teeth of their strong opposition, we carried out our plan.
Their contract is to run out at the end of this month.
I am quite ignorant of their plan.
Their plan sounds interesting to me.
I was invited to their wedding.
Their wedding will be tomorrow.
Their excuses were all alike.
You'd better do what they say.
Their way of thinking is behind the times.
Their main exports are textiles, especially silk and cotton.
Their small protest triggered a mass demonstration.
What happened to them is still a mystery.
They have a growing population; therefore they need more and more food.
Their son's name is John.
Their boy was named Edward.
Their losses reached one million yen.
They were for the most part young people.
Some of them are healthy, but others are not.
The report proved true as a result of their investigation.
Their traditional life style no longer exists.
All their efforts were in vain.
They lost their way; otherwise, they would have arrived long ago.
The difference in their ages is six years.
A fire broke out at the inn where they were staying.
All their secrets have been revealed.
Their father is a taxi driver.
Their names are Tom and Ken.
Their friendship ripened into a deep love.
Their trip was postponed because of the rain.
They don't like me.
They are human.
They were very tired indeed.
They went to Tottori.
They are actors.
They are breaking down the wall.
They like apples.
They should arrive by ten o'clock.
They eat dinner at twelve o'clock.
They have twelve children.
They have been here since 1989.
They are both good students.
They are both good students.
They are both good students.
They are both good students.
They will tear down the old building in two days.
They moved here two years ago.
They are leaving in three days, that is to say June 10th.
They moved here three years ago.
They built their empire in Peru about five hundred years ago.
They arrived in Osaka at the beginning of May.
They got married six months ago.
They went along and along, but they couldn't seem to find just the right place.
They sat in the shade of that big tree.
They sailed along the west coast of Africa.
They must be Americans.
How long did they live in England?
They are always at each other's throats.
They were always making jokes.
They don't always obey their parents.
They don't always obey their parents.
Now they have three children.
They were taking care of a girl from India and a boy from Italy.
They were carelessly unaware of the danger.
They stopped talking.
They rescued the boy from drowning.
They rescued the boy from drowning.
They want to participate in the Olympic Games.
Do they love each other?
They give presents to one another.
They settled in Canada.
They look pretty close.
Not only they but also I was scolded by the teacher.
They are engaged in cancer research.
I'm sure they'll win.
I'm sure they'll win.
They are sure to fall in love.
They bought a box of cookies.
They bought a box of cookies.
They didn't come here, did they?
They are trying to keep costs down.
They worked jointly on this project.
They reported seeing the incident.
Are they able to read these words?
They make frequent trips to Europe.
They had a rest for a while.
They made fun of Jack's haircut.
They blamed George for the failure.
They made John chairman of the committee.
They fell into the conversation immediately.
They were afraid of the big dog.
They named the spaceship A100.
They talked over the plan for hours.
They have preserved the building.
They gave different versions of the accident.
They released the prisoner.
They made the novel into a drama.
They changed the system.
They named the ship the Mayflower.
He explained the literal meaning of the sentences.
They broke into the jewelry shop.
They made a great effort to settle the problem.
They missed the train.
They may have missed the train.
Each of them was given a prize.
They opposed Darwin's theory of evolution.
They referred to Chaucer as the father of English poetry.
They were looking for a place at which they could pitch the tent.
They attained their purpose at last.
They are having a really good time.
They hated Tom.
They had a lovely time together.
They killed time playing cards.
They invited me to play cards.
They kept on walking.
They came all the way from Brazil.
They came all the way from Brazil.
They set out on a picnic.
They knelt down and prayed that the war would end soon.
As their conversation was in French, I could not understand a word.
They had a good command of French.
They come from the south of France.
They were rescued by helicopter.
They take their meals at the hotel.
They arrived at the hotel.
They gave us very little trouble.
They didn't know what to do first.
They are all artless children.
All of them agreed to the proposal.
They all envied my new car.
They were all dressed in uniforms.
They are all college students.
They all have come.
They moved ahead slowly.
They came to John and told him.
They were listening to the radio.
He caught them stealing apples.
They seem to have had a good time in Rome.
They drank two bottles of wine.
They talked about love.
They're not afraid of hard work.
They had to stay at home all day.
They had to work all year round.
They gave a series of concerts.
They got thoroughly wet in the rain.
They didn't swim because it was cold.
Do they learn English?
They are plotting to kill the king.
They grow strawberries in their greenhouse.
They are talking about music.
They were not listening to music.
They waited for him for hours.
They are saving their money for the purchase of a house.
They went along the street singing the song.
They all went to the restaurant.
They all laughed at his jokes.
They cleared the street of snow.
They didn't have to speak about our school.
They burst into tears.
They looked as if they would cry.
They were in Joe's class last year.
They wanted to take pictures of Kyoto.
They had their houses destroyed by a strong earthquake.
They sent their son to Europe to acquire culture.
They decided to build a bridge.
They live close by the airport.
They must be waiting for you.
They made their way through the crowd.
They never tell a lie.
They got married and settled near Boston.
They have been married two years.
They look healthy.
They abandoned their country.
They tried very hard to gain an advantage over one another.
They have mutual respect.
They are talking with each other.
They must have made a mistake.
They may be playing in the park.
They sat on a park bench and began talking.
They lived a happy life.
They are after happiness.
They are arriving here soon from Hong Kong.
They are high school students.
They sued the government for damages.
They are having breakfast now.
They must have arrived home by this time.
They called off their engagement.
They were pleased at the birth of their first child.
They went to the zoo by bus yesterday.
They studied English yesterday.
They passed by her house yesterday.
They arrived here safely yesterday.
They entertained us at dinner last night.
They named their child Thomas.
They gave him up for lost.
They won't allow us to enter the garden.
They supplied us with food.
They are jealous of our success.
They are jealous of our success.
They are much taller than us.
They made us work all day long.
They made us work all night.
They are very kind to me.
They require me to work harder.
They gave a big party for me.
They gave in to my opinion.
They stole apples from my orchard.
They kept me waiting for an hour.
They made me go there alone.
They call me Bob.
They made me captain.
They greeted me with a smile.
I gather that they'll agree with us.
They made us work all day.
They will send us lumber.
They congratulated us on our victory.
They make good use of their rooms.
They fought for their liberty.
They blamed the failure on George.
They got out of the car.
They went to Chicago by car.
They married when they were young.
They kept on feeling their way.
They have no house to live in.
They armed themselves with guns.
They want to increase food production by growing new kinds of rice.
They are making for the forest.
I found them lying on the artificial grass.
They named their baby Jane.
They found the track of a bear in the snow.
They went to America last month.
They climbed Mt. Fuji last week.
They were scolded by the teacher.
They answered their teacher's question with difficulty.
They waited for their teacher.
They built a bridge across the river.
They live across the river.
They made their way across the river.
They explored every avenue in an attempt to avoid war.
All of them are not present.
They had no alternative but to retreat.
They are talking in the kitchen.
They gathered about the fireplace.
They believed that the earth was flat.
They will find out sooner or later.
I think that they will be late.
They made up and became friends again.
They work only during the day.
They ate sandwiches for lunch.
They are at lunch.
They made their way toward the town.
They stood talking for a long time.
They worked together to put out the fire.
They increased the territory of the empire.
They grow flowers in the garden.
They bound the thief to a tree.
They sank ten enemy ships.
They are very interested in astronomy.
They always go skiing in winter.
They obtained a yield of 8 percent on their investment.
They are the same age.
They have the same habits.
They arrived in Paris at the same time.
They live on the other side of the road.
They would never meet again.
They go to church on Sunday.
They go to church on Sunday morning.
They defused the bomb before it could blow up.
They knocked the box to pieces.
They insist that he should go.
They thought he was the son of the Sun.
They made him sign the contract.
They made him sign the contract against his will.
They forgave him for his crimes.
They granted his request.
He was made captain.
They made him the chairman of a club.
They made him captain of the team.
They called him a coward.
They buried him in the graveyard by the church.
They appointed him as a director.
They were very excited.
They parted, never to see each other again.
They're ignoring me.
I don't expect that they will support my view.
They laughed at my idea.
They go to church every Sunday.
They worship every Sunday.
They go camping every summer.
They go skiing at Nozawa every winter.
They conducted a series of experiments under zero gravity.
They named their daughter Helen.
They are proud of their daughter.
They are having a party tomorrow.
They won't come until tomorrow.
They won't come until tomorrow.
They are leaving Japan tomorrow.
They made straight for their destination.
They are baseball players.
They didn't keep their promise.
They will get married next month.
They will arrive a week from today.
They believe in a life after death.
They believe in a life after death.
They didn't obey their parents.
They waited in line for the bus.
They guaranteed regular employment to their workers.
They can think and speak.
I bought them each a present.
He gave me authority to fire them.
They love each other.
They died one after another.
You may call him a liar, but you cannot call him a bad man.
I planned to introduce him to Beatrice.
Whoever knows him well respects him.
I have been to the airport to see him off.
His age didn't enter into our decision not to employ him.
It is stupid of you to believe in him.
I don't see any point in persuading him.
Whether you know him or not, you have to support his opinion.
Bring him in.
Few, if any, will criticize him.
He himself did it.
She has a husband and two daughters.
She gets lost really easily. She's got no sense of direction.
She is able to speak ten languages.
She cannot be over thirty.
She gave me some good advice.
Who cares when she will marry?
Do you know when she will come?
I miss her so much.
She cannot have told a lie.
She played the guitar and he sang.
I'm sorry she's not here.
She married John, not because she loved him, but because he was a rich man.
I hope that she'll get well soon.
She may well say so.
Don't you think it odd that she was in such a hurry?
It is careless of her to make such a mistake.
I wish that she would stop smoking.
I know where she is.
No one could tell where she was.
Do you remember what she said?
She will accompany me on the piano.
I found her letter in the mailbox.
I am expecting a letter from her.
I have not heard from her for a month.
I had a telephone call from her.
I had a telephone call from her.
She loves Tom, not me.
It's you that she loves, not me.
Everybody knew she could speak English well.
If you heard her speak English, you would take her for an American.
Do you know whether she can speak English?
It wasn't clear what she meant.
I found out where she was.
I heard her singing.
Tell me why she is crying.
I heard from someone that she got married.
I didn't know she was married.
The man whom she is going to marry is an astronaut.
What she said wasn't true.
It took a long time to take in what she was saying.
Her look says that she loves you.
I wish she were alive now.
It doesn't matter whether she admits her guilt or not.
I wish she had come last night.
I wish she had come last night.
She has been dead for ten years.
I don't know if she wants to go with me.
She gave me this compact disc.
I had her sweep my room.
Her smile indicates that she has forgiven me.
It was through his influence that she became interested in ecology.
It worried me that she looked pale.
I'll let you know when she arrives.
What she bought was very expensive.
There is no denying that she is very efficient.
I'm afraid we can't rule out the possibility that she may have the disease.
There's no disguising the fact that she is dishonest.
I could hear her sobbing in her bedroom.
She came into the room.
She gave me a present.
I know she is sleeping.
I'll leave when she comes back.
I don't know whether she will come.
I will wait until she comes.
Can a child of her age distinguish good from bad?
Her speech was excellent.
We didn't stay home yesterday.
She gave us lots to eat.
I'm getting married to her in June.
I am looking forward to seeing the film with her.
I generally agree with her.
Do you see her often?
I haven't met her.
It is no use arguing with her.
I couldn't make her out at all.
I have nothing in common with her.
She and I are in the same class.
How long have you known her?
I owe ten dollars to her.
You shouldn't have told her such a thing.
I know nothing about her.
Where did you see her?
She values health above wealth.
It seems to be difficult for her to get along with students in the new school.
Ask her how much soup she wants.
Her mother always accompanies her.
She has two uncles; one lives in Kyoto and the other in Osaka.
She appears to have many friends.
I can't really read her.
She has a daughter who is a pianist.
She had a vague feeling of guilt.
I remember meeting her somewhere.
She didn't want to get involved.
I love her all the more for her faults.
She has faults, but I love her none the less.
It seems to me that she has a tendency to exaggerate.
She has three sisters: one is a nurse and the others are teachers.
She doesn't have any friends or relatives to take care of her.
She is lacking in common sense.
She has very few close friends.
She has inherent dignity.
She has many faults, but I trust her none the less.
She has a son and two daughters.
She had plenty of acquaintances, but no friends.
She doesn't have any enemies.
She doesn't have any enemies.
She appears to have a lot of friends.
She has a gift for prophecy.
She has seen better days.
I wonder what has happened to her.
I wonder what happened to her.
Ask her when she will come back.
I wish I had seen her.
I couldn't remember ever having met her.
I'm going to propose to her.
I can't take my eyes off her.
I motioned for her to sit down.
I was happy to see her again.
I got her to wash dishes.
She gave birth to a baby boy.
You should apologize to her for being rude.
I bought her a new car.
Tell her to come at noon.
She is going to have a baby.
Be nice to her.
I fell in love with her.
There was no malice intended in what she said.
She always writes down every word her teacher says.
Her father made her tell him everything.
Her father passed away last week.
Her mother passed away last year.
Her mother made her a new dress.
There are about forty students in her class.
Everyone in her class likes her.
Her coat is fur on the inside.
She is a woman of great beauty.
Her dress was made of coarse wool.
Don't intrude on her privacy.
Take care not to intrude upon her privacy.
I cannot put up with her behavior.
Apart from her, everybody answered the question.
I want to marry a girl like her.
I can dispense with her help.
Her speech moved the audience.
I couldn't put up with her arrogant behavior.
In her home, kitchen garbage was fed to the pigs.
Her house is at the foot of a mountain.
Her house is across the river.
Let's dance to her song.
We had a welcome party for her.
I'm not fond of her face.
Her face turned red.
Her face turned red suddenly.
She hopes to become a designer.
Her heart flowed with gratitude.
Her diligence is a good example to us all.
I tried to change her mind, but I couldn't.
I get a kick out of her cheerful personality.
Don't listen to her.
Don't listen to her.
What she said did not make sense.
Her words gave me hope.
Her words were as follows.
I was embarrassed by what she said.
Her new novel has been highly praised.
Her composition is very good except for a few errors in spelling.
I can't forget her.
Her watch is ten minutes slow.
He stole her watch.
Her apology was nothing but show.
Her hands were as cold as ice.
Her hobby is collecting stamps.
I know her address.
With her help, my French improved little by little.
Her mind is filled with dreams of becoming an actress.
Remember to admire her new dress.
I was greatly moved by her kindness.
He was happy at the news of her success.
Her success made her the target of jealousy.
She has an agreeable voice.
Her blue shoes go well with that dress.
I told you not to talk about the matter in her presence.
Her grandmother lived to be eighty-eight years old.
What has become of her son?
Her son was killed in a traffic accident.
Her son was killed in the accident.
Her son is a genius.
Both of her sons died during the war.
She gave me a meaningful look.
I can't take the place of her as an English teacher.
I will do the shopping for her birthday.
Tell me the reason why she got angry.
Her skin is smooth.
Her hair is long and beautiful.
Her hair is very short.
Her hair grew back.
Her hair is streaked with gray.
We didn't notice her sorrow.
There is no doubt as to her beauty.
If her nose were a little shorter, she would be quite pretty.
Her husband is usually drunk.
Her husband intends to bring out a new monthly magazine.
Her husband is an excellent cook.
Her father is an excellent pianist.
Her father devoted his life to science.
Her father is Japanese.
Her father is Japanese.
Her father is Japanese.
Her father is Japanese.
Her father is Japanese.
Her father is Japanese.
Her father intends her to be a pianist.
The color of her dress and that of her shoes go well together.
Her mother will continue to work.
Her mother is writing a letter.
Her charm is beyond description.
It was John who helped make her dream come true.
There is no doubt as to her innocence.
I would like to know her name.
I saw tears in her eyes.
Her eyes gushed with tears.
Her only pleasure is listening to music.
Her only hobby is collecting stamps.
Do you think her story is false?
I wondered if her story was true.
He clutched her arm firmly.
She's been working all day long.
She thought the plan was fine but impractical.
She looks happy on hearing the news.
She ordered the book from London.
After winning the Nobel prize, she remained as modest as ever.
She seated herself quietly before the piano.
She plays the piano very well.
She's not as old as Mary.
She's smarter than Mary, but she's not as pretty as Mary.
She tends to be late for school.
She waved her hand until the train was out of sight.
She ought to have arrived by now.
She takes care of my children.
She told me she knew my brother.
The moment she saw me, she burst out crying.
She tried.
She laughed the way schoolgirls do, with her hand over her mouth.
She is going to Chiba Stadium.
She spoke through an interpreter.
She is inferior to him in math.
She walked very carefully.
She is more pretty than beautiful.
She called up her mother on the phone.
She plays tennis after school.
She will give her picture to whoever wants it.
She is going to Mount Tate.
She saved a hundred dollars.
She has ten children.
She has no less than ten children.
She got married in her teens.
She died on a cold night in December.
She is aged seventeen.
She was born at six a.m. on July 17, 1990.
She should be there now because she left an hour ago.
She left the hospital an hour ago.
She finished her work an hour in advance.
She will be back within a week.
She went to Mexico by herself.
She stayed at home by herself.
She visits us every other day.
She stayed in the house all day.
She earns 30 dollars per day.
She had been proposed to five times by the time she was twenty.
She got married at the age of 25.
She got married when she was twenty-five.
She went upstairs to her bedroom.
She lives in a two-story house.
She is a second year student.
She visited Kanazawa two years ago.
I guess that she is over thirty.
She taught music for thirty years.
She can speak three languages.
She has kept a diary for 3 years.
She married again in her mid-forties.
She went down to the fifth floor.
She won't be back till five.
She won't be back till five.
She got through her work before five.
She was obliged to work to support five children.
I expect her back by six o'clock.
She may have missed the 7:00 train.
She must be over eighty.
She started dancing when she was eight.
She put her CDs in a row on the shelf.
She stared at a UFO in silence.
She's wearing eye shadow.
She talked childishly.
She's about the same height as you.
What did she whisper to you?
What did she whisper to you?
She asked me to continue writing to your father.
Is she your mother?
She waited for you for two hours.
Does she know your phone number?
She is less intelligent than you.
She seems to hate you.
She has already lived in that town for five years.
She doesn't get outdoors much.
I don't think she cares very much.
She does not have many friends in Kyoto.
I don't particularly like her.
She can't play the piano very well.
She has decided to live in America for good.
She has gone to America.
She is American, but she lives in England.
She is married to an American.
She speaks a little Arabic.
She is engaged to a rich man.
She thought of a good solution.
She was feeling kind of tired.
She went to Italy to learn Italian.
When did she break the window?
She is always well made up.
She always speaks in English.
She is always bright and smiling.
She was always quarreling with her brothers.
She always buys expensive clothes.
She is always dressed in black.
She is always dressed in black.
She always lets her children do what they want to.
She always takes care of her children.
She always smiles at me.
She always cared about my health.
She always gets her own way.
She always clears the table after a meal.
She was always quarreling with her parents.
She always speaks in a low voice.
When will she return home?
When did she get married?
When was she born?
She was envious of her cousin's success.
I was lonely without her.
She is, so to speak, a walking dictionary.
She is what we call a bookworm.
She was asked to write her name in ink.
She was accused of telling a lie.
She was beside herself with joy.
She goes by the name of Amy.
She keeps a parrot as a pet.
She rides a motorcycle well.
She left for America the day before yesterday.
She ate candies one after another until she was completely full.
She strongly resembles her grandmother.
She was brought up by her grandmother.
She resembles her aunt.
She is hard up for money.
She married a rich man.
She can swim as fast as her brother.
She is no less kind than her sister is.
She was making tea.
She went shopping with her mother.
She drew up the curtain.
She set the bird free from the cage.
She was holding an umbrella.
She used to work for our company.
She came from Canada to see me.
She can speak English pretty well.
She picked up one of the glass vases.
She is all skin and bone.
She is a pretty girl.
She shed plentiful tears when her beloved dog was killed in an accident.
She knows how to play the guitar.
She plays piano as well as the guitar.
She gave birth to a daughter yesterday.
She saw a tall man yesterday.
She knows how to make candy.
She picked up beautiful stones.
She shrieked whenever she saw a spider.
She filled the glass with wine.
She can sing better than anybody else in her class.
She was by far the best singer in the class.
She married her classmate.
She's a glamorous girl.
She gave me a book for Christmas.
She knows how to do the crawl.
She has a good many friends here.
She needs help.
She cannot work this machine.
She is getting married this fall.
She is going to Sendai this spring.
She has been absent since last Wednesday.
She has changed greatly since I last saw her.
Does she work in this city?
She sent this book to me.
She doesn't know how to play golf.
Is she a computer programmer?
Is she a computer programmer?
They say she and her husband can't agree on anything.
She doesn't like soccer.
She lived a lonely life.
She cried her heart out.
She is eager to live in Australia.
She fell down the ladder.
She can't cook well.
She thought that John had loved her.
She is a clerk in the supermarket.
It is said that she is an expert in skiing.
I'm sure that she will come back soon.
She came at once.
She has always lived in Otaru.
She is a wonderful woman.
She got wet to the skin.
She depends on her husband for everything.
She turned down every proposal.
She keeps a record of everything she buys.
She knows nothing about the birds and the bees.
She was busy with her knitting.
Such an idea is abhorrent to her.
She lived there about five years.
She went there by herself.
She need not have paid the money.
She hung the calendar on the wall.
She took care of the poor little bird.
She gave it her personal attention.
She was cooking dinner at that time.
She gave the blouse a quick wash.
She made jam from the apples.
She was elected chairman of the committee.
She hung the picture upside down.
She asked how to cook the fish.
She put the money in the bank.
She refused to accept the money.
She eyed the stranger suspiciously.
She has remained abroad ever since.
I don't think she is fit for the job.
She need not have done the work.
She gave in to the temptation.
She gave him all the money that she had then.
She glanced shyly at the young man.
When she was reading the letter, she looked sad.
She carried that habit to her grave.
She spent the weekend by herself.
She made faces at that woman.
She tied up the parcel with string.
She scorned the boy.
She made the doll for me.
She loves the doll like her own sister.
She has the large house to herself.
She replied that she had never seen the man before.
What did she buy at the shop?
She borrowed a saw from the farmer.
She carried the box under her arm.
She shall never forget listening to the sad tune.
She kept the secret to herself.
She seems to have known the secret.
She looks pretty in that dress.
She is working on the problem.
She has a very radical opinion about the problem.
She completely cleaned her plate.
She was obliged to marry the old man.
She must have done it yesterday.
She translated it word for word.
She's very beautiful.
She is about my age.
She found employment as a typist.
She plays the violin very well.
She speaks English very fluently.
She made a lot of spelling mistakes.
She has a lot of English books.
She wrote a lot of poems.
She has plenty of books.
She is a taxi driver.
She got the ticket for nothing.
Perhaps she will come tomorrow.
She is curious to find who sent the flowers.
She didn't want to speak to anyone.
She is a good dancer.
She is just going shopping.
She loves chocolate, too.
She is a difficult person to deal with.
She ran as fast as possible.
She is not in the least worried about her test scores.
She liked tennis and became a tennis coach.
She is good at playing tennis.
She got out of the taxi at the department store.
She loves watching tennis matches on TV.
She gave the door a gentle push.
They say that she was born in Germany.
She managed to drive a car.
She will sometimes sit still for hours.
Wherever she goes, she is well liked.
She is very pretty.
She is very pretty.
She is very pretty, isn't she?
She cooked us a wonderful meal.
She asked a very good question.
She is a very good teacher.
She works very hard.
She is a very poor driver.
She's a very interesting person.
She is very thoughtful and patient.
She can play the piano very well.
She can speak English very well.
She can speak English very well.
She lives in a huge house.
She is very intelligent.
She was so tired that she couldn't walk.
She looks very elegant.
She is politeness itself.
She married Tom last month.
She invited Tom and me to the party.
She's as busy as Tom.
She's Tom's sister.
She's older than Tom.
She loves Tom.
She can play the drum.
She especially likes music.
She bought six yards of cloth for a dress.
Do you know what color she likes?
What color do you think she likes?
She cut the apple with a knife.
She is quite pretty, but looks unhealthy.
She is looking for her missing wallet.
She looks blue for some reason.
Why did she go to the station?
She managed to keep up appearances.
She was able to cook herself dinner, after a fashion.
She greeted us with a smile.
She smiled.
She greeted me with a big smile.
She adores cats.
She wants to attend the party.
She made elaborate preparations for the party.
She enjoyed herself a lot at the party.
It appears that she had a nice time at the party.
She was in trouble because she lost her passport.
She must have taken the wrong bus.
She bought two pounds of butter.
She has been to Paris.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
She had her handbag stolen.
She spread the butter on the bread.
She played a tune on the piano.
She played a waltz on the piano.
She takes private piano lessons.
She spends a lot of time practicing the piano.
She is good at playing the piano.
Does she play the piano?
She was absorbed in the video.
The moment she was alone, she opened the letter.
She woke up on her own.
She promised not to go out alone.
She wasn't able to open the bottle.
She dived into the swimming pool.
She is proficient in French.
She can speak French.
She is a native speaker of French.
She can speak French fluently.
Does she speak French?
Does she speak French?
I don't think she can speak French.
She majors in French literature.
She poured brandy into the glasses.
She turned down his proposal.
She lost no time in reading a best-selling novel.
She put clean sheets on the bed.
She lay down on the bed.
She is Betty.
She made a mess of the work.
She made a mess of the work.
She is going to part from her boyfriend.
She hit the ball hard.
She is my girlfriend.
She didn't have much money.
She spoke scarcely a word of English.
She is getting prettier and prettier.
She has broken the toaster again.
She can't ride a bicycle yet.
She's still dependent on her parents.
She's still dependent on her parents.
She believes her son is still alive.
She hasn't come yet.
She did it all by herself.
Before long, she came into my room.
She will have to cook for everyone.
She gave the children two apples each.
She put off going to Mexico.
She seldom goes to that sort of place.
She seldom goes out.
She is seldom late for school.
She seldom eats breakfast.
She is rarely late for appointments.
She kept her eyes closed.
She doesn't live there any more.
Has she finished the book yet?
She'll try it once more.
She has already left the office.
Now that she has quit her job, we can't depend on her.
Has she finished her work yet?
She came near being drowned.
She came close to falling off the platform.
She was almost late for school.
She's practicing English so she can get a better job.
She should have been more careful.
She is old enough to know better.
She is said to have been a model.
She finally reached the hotel.
She was obliged to give up the plan.
As often as she tried, she failed.
She has a sense of humor.
She turned the doorknob slowly.
She slowly moved forward.
She rushed home with the good news.
She talks a lot.
She talks a lot.
She talks a lot.
She cannot be relied on because she often tells lies.
She would often play tricks on me.
She was frequently late for school.
She goes under the name of Yotchan.
She had a basket full of apples.
She cut the apple in half.
She gave me access to her records.
She is a very correct lady.
When she was in Los Angeles, she had at least six different jobs.
She is absorbed in rock music.
Now Marina was a romantic, she had not yet fallen into that passive state of mind which accepts that one should find a corner to live, anywhere, and then arrange one's whole life around it.
She was wearing long boots.
She is our next best pianist after Mr Long.
She went either to London or to Paris.
She went from London to Paris.
She would often go to the theater when she was in London.
She is living in London.
She took full advantage of her stay in London to improve her English.
She prefers beer to wine.
She lives in comfort.
She gave out a sigh of relief.
She is very afraid of the dark.
She groped for the light switch in the dark.
She made the same mistake as before.
She is an obstinate girl.
She sat in a chair reading a magazine.
She died of stomach cancer.
Isn't she a doctor?
She had an appointment with the doctor.
She lives in an apartment alone.
She was afraid to travel alone.
She worked hard.
She must have studied very hard.
She remained single all her life.
She remained silent all day.
She cried throughout the night.
She kept crying all night long.
She read the book all night.
She lay awake all night.
She suddenly became famous.
She suddenly became famous.
She accused me of telling a lie.
She is a good swimmer.
She is good at speaking English.
She is good at speaking English.
She got good grades in English.
She got good grades in English.
She can speak both English and German.
She is fluent in English and French.
She has a rich vocabulary of English words.
She is married to an English teacher, so she can take lessons free of charge.
She gets good marks in English.
She is busy learning English.
She is making progress with her English.
She speaks German and French, not to mention English.
She speaks both English and French.
She studied abroad in order to brush up her English.
She studies English every day.
Does she speak English?
She is a British citizen but her native land is France.
She was reading a gardening manual.
She refused my offer to help her.
She didn't go far.
She drew a circle on a piece of paper with a pencil.
She didn't have any pencils.
She discovered that she had run out of salt.
She put the dirty dishes in the sink.
She wanted to wash the dirty clothes.
She has a clean heart.
She dreamed that she was a princess.
She climbed down from the roof.
She resented being called a coward.
She is a quiet woman.
She is interested in music.
She went to Italy to study music.
She went to Italy to study music.
She went to Italy for the purpose of studying music.
She was listening to music.
She likes to listen to music.
She married a musician.
She enjoyed herself at the concert.
She wears a lot of makeup.
She resembles her mother in every respect.
She asked me if anything was the matter.
She believes whatever he says.
How old do you think she is?
She waited for hours and hours.
She called me many a time.
She has hundreds of books.
She doesn't speak Japanese at home.
She doesn't speak Japanese at home.
She's at home taking care of the kids.
Is she at home?
I do not think that she is at home.
She went home.
She is weakest at science.
She gives most of her spare time to playing the piano.
She began to sing.
She warmed herself by the fire.
She spends as much money as she earns.
She was carrying a basket full of flowers.
She is very fond of flowers.
She is watering the flowers.
She lives just across from us.
She has a cottage by the sea.
She's got a good eye for paintings.
She was coming down the stairs.
She is not as young as she looks.
She is married to a foreigner.
She went out.
She put on her hat to go out.
She may be cute, but I don't like her.
She may be cute, but I don't like her.
She showed me a picture of her mother as a schoolgirl.
She pretended to be a student.
She is very popular among the students.
She is a fluent speaker of English.
She was wearing a thick coat against the chill.
She may be a nurse. I am not sure.
She is a nurse.
She is qualified as a nurse.
She acknowledged having made a mistake.
She has a round face.
She was within an ace of saying "I don't know".
She dreamed a strange dream.
She looks unhappy.
She looks unhappy.
She found her purse under the desk.
She found her purse under the desk.
It seemed that she had already received the money.
It appears that she might change her mind.
She almost passed out.
She's good at getting around rules.
She got up late.
She was prohibited from smoking.
She showed the visitor her baby.
She cleaned her room in a hurry.
She cried.
She began crying.
She graduated from high school last year.
She was out of Japan last year.
She married him last year.
She hung a little Picasso on the wall of the drawing room.
She is obstinate.
She was scared to cross the road.
She turned over the page with excitement.
She saw herself in the mirror.
She stopped before the mirror to admire herself.
She stood before the mirror.
She has put on weight recently.
She was different from most women in the neighborhood, for she was able to read and write.
Rich as she is, she is not happy.
She seems rich.
She was married to a rich man.
She married a rich old man.
She married a rich old man.
She got on the subway at Ginza.
She had no difficulty in learning the poem by heart.
She must have been sick.
She looked up at the sky.
She bought two pairs of socks.
She is as tall as you.
Did she show you the picture?
She knows your mother very well.
She has anxiety for your safety.
She is two years older than you.
Does she know you?
Does she know you?
She visited her husband in prison.
She was arrested by the police.
I cannot help loving her in spite of her many faults.
She is never late for school.
She can never keep a secret.
She didn't telephone after all.
She fainted when she saw blood.
She writes to her pen pal in London twice a month.
She gave birth to a healthy baby.
She banged the table with her fist.
She can drive a car.
She started talking with a stranger.
She put the key in her pocket.
She got on a bus for Harajuku.
She is among the best artists of today.
She turned her old dress into a skirt.
She pressed her lips together and willed herself not to cry.
She broke the window on purpose.
She called me in the afternoon.
She got up at seven in the morning.
She was there in the morning.
She studied English in the morning.
She studied English in the morning.
She says she will call you later.
She was so curious that she opened the box.
Luckily she won a scholarship.
She said that she had been happy.
She became happy.
She lives in a large house.
She has many friends in Hong Kong.
She has a great love for antique goods.
She is at work right now.
She is busy preparing supper now.
She is now staying at her uncle's house.
She should have arrived home by now.
Where does she live now?
She was on the verge of crying.
She is practicing the violin now.
She looked more beautiful than ever.
She is writing a letter now.
She is doing her homework now.
She will return home next Sunday, that is, the tenth.
She is going to wash the bike this afternoon.
She is wearing a white dress today.
She is busy at present and can't speak to you.
She is leaving for America tonight.
She is giving a party tonight.
She writes with her left hand.
She didn't like the horse at first.
She is as clever as she is beautiful.
She set out on a trip last week.
She had nothing to do yesterday.
She went to the hospital yesterday.
She killed herself yesterday.
She went there yesterday.
She is far better today than yesterday.
She left for London yesterday.
She came to see us yesterday.
She started for Kyoto yesterday.
She got a new CD player yesterday.
She bought some vegetables yesterday.
She was born last year.
She's not as beautiful as her sister.
She did not turn up.
She tried to break her child of the habit of lying.
She was very embarrassed when her child behaved badly in public.
She made cookies for the children.
She made cookies for the children.
She read an amusing story to the children.
She looked after the children.
She looked after the children.
She loved her children alike.
She bought a toy for her child.
She gave up everything for her children.
She is careful about her child's nutrition.
She was ashamed of her children's behavior.
She is busy with the care of her children.
She's good at handling children.
She's good at handling children.
She demanded to see the manager.
She helped me pack my suitcase.
She might know that we are here.
She told us not to make a noise.
She gave us a vague answer.
She cooked us a delicious dinner.
She cooked us a delicious dinner.
She showed us a beautiful hat.
She made coffee for all of us.
She gave us a present.
I think she is showing off her new dress to us.
She sang a Japanese song for us.
She cooked vegetable soup for us.
She gave us some useful information.
She asked us if we would like to cook.
She asked me where I was going.
She told me that she would go to Paris in August.
She showed me her album.
She made tea for me.
She made tea for me.
She gave me a pretty doll.
She made me a cake.
She gave me these old coins.
She gave me plenty to eat.
She accompanied me on the piano.
She picked me an apple.
She insisted that I should see the doctor.
She taught me how to swim.
She suggested to me that I call off the meeting.
She gave me a shy smile.
She taught me how to write a poem.
She asked me a question.
She gave me some practical advice.
She sent me a letter.
She made me a nice dress.
She told me to open the window.
She asked me if I knew his address.
She told me an interesting story.
She wanted me to come.
She knows ten times as many English words as I do.
She was told to accompany me.
She's my type.
She turned down my request.
She is the woman of my desires.
She gets up the earliest in my family.
She asked about my school.
She slapped me on the chin.
She accused me of making a mistake.
She couldn't look me straight in the face.
She began to cry at the sight of my face.
She gives me a nasty look every time she sees me.
My memory of her has begun to recede.
She had begun to recede in my memory.
She complained to me of my small salary.
She gave my shoes a quick brush.
She seems to be in love with my brother.
She has a strong objection to my plan.
She approved of my plan.
She ignored all my warnings.
She took care of my dog.
I'm afraid she won't accept my explanation.
She took offence at my word.
She took my words as a joke.
She acknowledged that my statement was true.
She insisted that it was my fault.
She cooks chicken the way I like.
She held on to my hand tightly.
She will get along with my grandmother.
She gave me whatever help I needed.
She took advantage of my ignorance.
She doesn't like the way I speak.
She can swim further than I can.
She accused me of being a liar.
She introduced me to her brother.
She supposed me to be a doctor.
She took me for my brother.
She looked at me.
She looked at me.
No sooner had she caught sight of me than she started running in my direction.
She did not so much as look at me.
I hope that she will help me.
She invited me to dinner.
She gave me a strange look.
She showed me around the campus.
She asked us to leave her alone.
She told us the road was closed.
She lived up to our expectations.
She was absorbed in writing a poem.
She writes a very good hand.
She has very neat handwriting.
She doesn't like people who aren't punctual.
She got off at the next station.
She took her own life.
She attempted to kill herself.
She accused him of stealing her money.
She is ashamed of what she's done.
She cooked herself a good meal.
She filled her bag with apples.
She put sheets on her bed.
She didn't marry him of her own will.
She gave up her plans against her will.
She had to accept her fate.
She was at a loss for words to express her feeling.
She lets her children have their own way too much.
She is looking for her car keys.
She felt insecure about her future.
She felt uneasy at the thought of her future.
She seems to devote all her effects to her career.
She gave away all her dolls.
She was ashamed of herself for her carelessness.
She shut herself up in her room.
She decorated her room with roses.
She gave away all her dresses.
She persists in saying that her analysis is correct.
She took her book.
She went over the list to see if her name was there.
She repeated her name slowly.
She declared that she was not guilty.
She achieved great success in her business.
She makes all her own clothes.
She got to the station at seven.
She couldn't answer the question.
She's fond of taking pictures.
She got out of the car.
She got out of the car.
She cannot do without her car.
She cannot do without her car.
She left her gloves in the car.
She backed her car into the garage.
She lived in the suburbs of Tokyo when she was young.
She may have been beautiful when young.
She looks young.
She looked lonely.
She said to her husband: "Stop!".
She greeted him waving her hand.
She smiled, waving her hand.
She tore the letter into pieces.
She finished writing a letter.
She forgot to mail the letter.
She wept reading the letter.
She finished reading the letter.
After she had read the letter, she tore it to pieces.
She can't make up her mind whether to get a job or to go on to college.
She passed away peacefully in her sleep.
She goes to aerobics once a week.
She spoke in soft tones.
She was busy doing her homework.
She is sensitive to the heat.
She cannot write or read.
She is in need of help.
She goes to a girls' high school.
She sent me the enclosed check.
She had a little money.
She stayed there for a moment.
She gave the boy what few coins she had in her purse.
She forgave the boy for his rudeness.
She had the boys paint the house.
She cannot but laugh.
She said good-bye with a smile, but there was a good deal of bitterness in her heart.
She can speak Spanish well.
She can sing and dance beautifully.
She went out to buy some food.
She didn't mind doing the dishes.
She is on a diet.
She has a tender heart.
She was ill with heart disease.
She was ill with heart disease.
She wants a new dress badly.
She applied her mind to her new job.
She came to Tokyo with a view to getting a new job.
She is interested in learning new ideas.
She wants a new hat.
She glanced briefly at the newspaper.
She went astray in the woods.
She walked in the woods.
She graduated from Kobe University.
She bent down and picked up the coin.
She stooped to pick up a pebble.
She is good-natured.
She managed to finish the work on her own.
She is reading a book in the library.
She was a genius in mathematics.
She is traveling around the world.
She traveled all over the world.
She's grown out of her favorite dress, so her mother will have to make it over for her.
She grew up to be a veterinarian.
She voted for Mr Nishioka irrespective of party lines.
She should be there at noon.
I think that she's honest.
She was buried in her hometown.
She has bought some cloth; she is going to make herself a dress.
She raised her voice.
She was wearing a blue coat.
She is quiet.
She is fond of singing old songs.
She wore a red dress.
She folded her baby in her arms.
She is giving the baby a bath.
She helped me to clear snow away.
She was in America last month.
She is a teacher.
She tried to take down every word the teacher said.
She has great respect for her teacher.
She has great respect for her teacher.
She went to the station to see her teacher off.
She was soaked from head to foot.
She writes an excellent hand.
She writes an excellent hand.
She gave birth to twin girls.
She withdrew her head from a window.
She hung a curtain over the window.
She laid herself on the grass.
She hid behind the door and held her breath.
She is proud that her son has become a doctor.
She bought her son a camera.
She left her son a lot of money.
She patted her son on the shoulder.
She left her son alone in the car.
She ran very fast to catch up with the other members.
She doesn't pay attention to others; in other words, she is selfish.
She participates in many school activities.
She weighs 120 pounds.
She has lost weight.
She is on a diet for fear that she will put on weight.
She extended her stay by five days.
She extended her stay by five days.
She is neither in the kitchen nor in the living room.
She has large blue eyes.
She got first prize in the eating contest.
She cursed loudly.
She is very busy.
She is gracious to everyone.
She was all kindness to everybody.
She worked side by side with men.
She's good at bargaining the price down.
She was amazed to hear the news.
She has traveled all over the globe.
She must come home by 9 at latest.
She may be late, in which case we will wait.
She is progressing in Chinese.
She is having lunch now.
She worked from morning till night.
She plays tennis in the morning.
She is getting breakfast ready.
She took a walk before breakfast.
She left early in the morning.
She didn't like living in the city.
She has been ill for a long time and she is still too weak to get about.
She stood on the deck with her long hair waving in the wind.
She recovered from her long illness.
She wore a long, loose coat.
It took her a long time to choose a hat.
She is not accustomed to driving for a long time.
She's been having trouble with back pain for years.
Is she equal to a long journey?
She wrote a book about the bird.
She is keen on birds and flowers.
She won't take an airplane for fear of a crash.
She gave a cry of pain.
She is affected with the gout.
She smiled at me as she passed me in the street.
She came across the street.
She was hit by a car while she was crossing the street.
She has a strong wish to work as an interpreter.
She has a habit of biting her nails.
She used to visit me regularly.
She goes to the dentist regularly, so she seldom gets toothache.
She will do her best to be here on time.
She grows tomatoes in her garden.
She's in the garden planting roses.
She found a ball in the garden.
She planted roses in the garden.
She planted fragrant olives in the garden.
She seeded vegetables in her garden.
She named all the flowers in the garden.
She picked flowers in the garden.
She weeded the garden.
She left her umbrella in the train.
She doesn't have to go to school on Saturday.
She appears to have a headache.
She lifted up her head and looked at him.
She went on working.
She is fond of animals.
She made the same mistake again.
She lost her way and on top of that it began to rain.
She went to the movies by herself.
She teaches reading and writing.
All of a sudden, she began to laugh.
She has just turned twelve.
She gave birth to her first child at twenty years old.
She is getting better day by day.
She has a good command of English though she was brought up in Japan.
She spoke Japanese well.
She came to Japan for the purpose of studying Japanese.
She will be the first Japanese woman astronaut.
She visited the old man in the hospital every day but Sunday.
She did not visit me on Sunday but on Monday.
She rarely goes out on Sundays.
She used to go to the movies on Sundays.
She gets up late on Sunday mornings.
She saw a young man at the entrance.
She is constantly in and out of hospital.
She made out the application for admission.
She has two cats. One is black, and the other is white.
She was wearing dark brown shoes.
She was too short to see over the fence.
She was a tall, thin girl with long, soft brown hair.
She received a doctor's degree.
She wore a white dress.
She wore a white dress.
She had white shoes on.
She is as beautiful as Snow White.
She is brushing her hair.
She got a present from her boyfriend.
She presumes him to be innocent.
She went to the park with him.
She married him.
She had something to talk over with him.
She asked him to sit down.
She warned him not to go alone.
When did she promise to meet him?
She asked him to mail that letter.
She made a new suit for him.
She gave him the money.
She gave him the car.
She is hard on them.
She whispered something into his ear.
She didn't know what to say to him.
She gave him a watch.
She advised him to use a bicycle.
She asked him to open the window.
She asked him to open the window.
She gave him a tender kiss.
She will make him a good wife.
She ironed his shirts.
She slapped him in the face.
She turned down his invitation.
She accepted his gift.
She laughed at the sight of his hat.
She believes that he is innocent.
She lives next door to him.
She refused to do what they wanted.
She gave them some apples.
She asked them to take their shoes off.
She wanted to help them.
She wanted to help them.
She kept him waiting half an hour.
She made a man of him.
She despised him.
She identified him as the murderer.
She has to look after her mother.
She looks sad.
I cannot recommend her as a secretary.
Her surprise was so great that she could not speak.
She greeted me with a smile.
She is popular not because she is beautiful, but because she is kind to everyone.
She is not only beautiful but also kind to everybody.
She got a beautiful dress on.
She is beautiful, intelligent and, what is best of all, very kind-hearted.
She is not always happy.
She made a point of visiting me.
She works for a hospital.
She took a taxi to the hospital.
She took a taxi to the hospital.
She has got over her illness.
She seemed to have been ill.
She said that she was ill.
She pretended that she was sick.
She made believe that she was sick.
She is poor, but she looks happy.
She devoted her life to working among the poor.
She seems to be unhappy.
She seems to be unhappy.
She does nothing but complain.
If she was displeased, she never showed it.
She is proud of her husband being rich.
She didn't like her husband drunk.
She was in despair when her husband died.
She divorced her husband.
She made fun of her husband.
She employed a private detective to keep a watch on her husband.
She is not afraid of anything.
She usually sleeps for eight hours.
She usually goes to bed at nine.
She phoned her husband to come immediately.
She was in a hurry to see her father.
She got married against her father's will.
She was filled with deep grief to hear of her father's sudden death.
She got over the shock of her father's death.
She helped her father with the work in the garden.
She cared for her father until his death.
She took no notice of what her father said.
She was very proud of her father.
She was very proud of her father.
She came out of the room.
She furnished the room with beautiful furniture.
She closed all the windows in the room.
She kept walking about the room.
She went out of the room.
She said she had a cold.
She wore such thin clothes that she might well catch a cold.
She went into her room to change her dress.
She is particular about what she wears.
She spends most of her money on her dresses.
She decorated the wall with pictures.
She painted the walls white.
She looked all around.
She looked all around.
She looked all around.
She didn't reply.
She goes to school on foot.
She walks.
She rested her head on her mother's shoulder.
She came in company with her mother.
She closely resembles her mother.
She is as beautiful as her mother.
I don't think she takes after her mother.
She cut up the cloth to make bandages.
She put aside the sewing and stood up.
She put on her hat.
She thanked us for our help.
She beckoned me to come in.
She showed me her room.
She showed me her room.
She must be angry with me.
She calls me Kenji.
She is collecting material for a book.
She is a real beauty.
She writes me every week.
She plays tennis every Sunday.
She always writes to her mother every week.
She plays golf every weekend.
She said that she gets up at six every morning.
She makes herself up every morning.
She has a bottle of milk every morning.
She said that she brushes her teeth every morning.
She gets up early every morning.
She has a bath every morning.
She plays tennis every day.
She practiced the piano every day.
She practises the piano every day.
She dusts the furniture every day.
She has never been to Hokkaido.
She got her daughter a personal computer.
She made a good speech.
She changed her name to Ann.
She turned off the lights.
She is evidently sick.
She may not come here tomorrow.
She wrapped herself in a blanket.
She was sitting under a tree.
She has attractive eyes.
She is in the habit of keeping late hours.
She is used to staying up late.
She must have forgotten the promise.
She is graceful.
She doesn't have any friends.
She's loved by her friends.
She is more of an acquaintance than a friend.
She felt blue.
She sometimes goes into a mood of depression.
She sometimes goes into a mood of depression.
She is a noted singer.
She's neither rich nor famous.
She lives in abundance.
She freshened herself up before supper.
She studied Japanese after dinner.
After supper, she cleared the table.
She became drowsy after supper.
She was so scared that she couldn't speak.
She spends her leisure time making dolls.
Her days are numbered.
She solved the problem with ease.
She spends much money on dresses.
It isn't likely that she will come.
She may not come.
I don't think that she will come.
She can wait till the cows come home but he'll never come back.
I hear she is going to get married next month.
She is going to France next week.
She will be seventeen next year.
Will she go to America next year?
She'll be getting married next year.
She is a selfish person.
She is sensitive to current fashions.
She decided to study abroad.
She is busy preparing for the trip.
She wrote to her parents at least once a week.
She held her baby in her arms.
She isn't a good cook.
She has an encyclopedic knowledge of cooking.
She's thinking of taking a couple of courses at a cooking school.
She could not refrain from tears.
She hurried to the station so as not to miss the train.
She elbowed her way onto the train.
Has she ever fallen in love?
She made a series of medical discoveries.
She made room for an old lady.
She made room for an old lady.
She grew roses.
She has a rose in her hand.
What souvenir do you think she would like most?
She broke the cup, too.
"Is she coming, too?" "I hope so."
Let's leave her alone.
She wants to move out and find a place of her own.
He saw her and blushed.
I couldn't bear to look at her.
Need we wait for her?
Do you know her?
I gave her a lift to town.
They showed me a lot of beautiful photos.
They gave him a chance to escape.
They supplied the soldiers with enough food and water.
You ought not to make fun of them.
He came in person.
I really like him, but not his circle of friends.
When I'm sad, my friends encourage me.
Forget the sad affair.
Don't be sad.
Don't be sad.
Forget your sorrows.
Let go of your negative outlook on life.
Hearing the sad news, she collapsed in tears.
Don't be too sensitive to criticism.
I was too tired to care for anything but bed.
He said he was tired, so he would go home early.
Even though he was tired, he went on with his work.
I'm too tired to walk any further.
I'm too tired to walk any further.
I'm too tired to walk any more.
As you are tired, you had better rest.
Are you tired?
Are you tired?
My mind is at ease believing you'll keep the secret.
The damage will cost us a lot of money.
The accused is to appear before the court on Friday.
The prisoner was brought before a judge.
That's enough money to cover the expenses.
I don't care about the expense.
Apart from the cost, it will take long to build the bridge.
In an emergency, use the stairway, not the elevator.
It is he who is to blame.
The plane flew toward the west.
The plane was about to take off when I heard a strange sound.
I was very nervous as the plane took off.
We'll fly there in 50 minutes.
Flying is the quickest method of travelling.
Maybe it's the low air pressure that means you get drunk more easily on planes.
How long does it take to go to Okinawa by plane?
How much will it cost you to go by air?
It will cost you more to go by plane.
Flying is the quickest way to travel.
Are you going by air or by train?
Have you ever traveled by plane?
Have you already booked our seats on a plane?
What's the flight's scheduled arrival time?
The plane takes off in ten minutes.
The plane flew at an altitude of 3,000 meters.
The plane will take off in one hour.
The plane flew above the clouds.
The plane flew over the mountain.
The airplane took off on time.
The plane flew east.
The airplane made a safe landing.
The plane crash was only last week.
Smiles do not always indicate pleasure.
Keep on smiling.
A beautiful girl sat next to me.
A beautiful woman was seated one row in front of me.
Beauty is but skin deep.
Please put out your cigarettes before entering the museum.
Did you go to the art exhibition?
Miyuki set the table for the party.
I can't breathe through my nose.
I got a shave and a haircut.
Please make sure that the door is locked.
Be sure to pick up some milk.
I don't need it.
I have no objection to paying a special fee if it is necessary.
I will go with you if necessary.
When it's necessary, you can come to me.
It is not clear what the writer is trying to say.
Few people live to be 100 years old.
A hundred years is called a century.
A hundred years is called a century.
The sign says "Exit."
It is hard to keep our balance on icy streets.
When ice melts, it becomes water.
Please bring an ice bag.
I'd like a room in the front.
Critics are coming down hard on tightened economic restrictions.
Hospital doctors don't go out very often as their work takes up all their time.
Please take me to the hospital.
Will you drive me to the hospital?
Being ill, I stayed at home all day long.
I didn't go to the party because I was sick.
I've heard you've been sick.
We take health for granted until illness intervenes.
Because he was ill, he could not go to the party.
Illness prevented me from coming to school.
It was heartless of him to say such a thing to the sick man.
Please attach a certificate of quality.
I will notify you of the arrival of the goods.
Don't look down on him merely because he is poor.
You must not despise someone because they are poor.
I would buy the car, but I am poor.
I'm anemic.
The unemployment rate went up to 5% because of the recession.
Filth breeds illnesses.
It is better to do well than to say well.
Actions speak louder than words. Stop complaining and do it.
My way is action not words.
It's not fair! I have to do the hard work!
A misfortune befell him.
You should try to forget your unhappy past.
You should try to forget your unhappy past.
Strange to say, his prediction has come true.
Carelessness can lead to a serious accident.
A careless person is apt to make mistakes.
There is no cause for complaint.
He puts on a show of being impartial and unbiased, but I think he's just a guy with no opinion of his own.
After her husband's death, she brought up the two children all by herself.
My husband earns $100,000 a year.
My husband is always reading in bed.
The lady tolerated the man.
Can I speak to the head nurse?
Despite his riches, he's not contented.
Wealth does not always bring us happiness.
It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God.
How high is Mt. Fuji?
The top of Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.
Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.
Mt. Fuji is the highest mountain in Japan.
I was terribly frightened.
That gentleman usually wears a hat.
The average man fails not because he lacks ability, but because he lacks ability to concentrate.
My father has five brothers and sisters.
I lost the watch Father had given me.
Father came home.
I helped my father water the flowers.
I don't think my father is willing to lend us the car.
My father repaired my old watch.
He seems not to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
The shock of her father's death lingered on and she didn't feel like going out at all.
My father's hobby is growing roses.
My father's condition seems to improve one moment, but the next moment he sinks again.
My father has gone to America.
My father does not like the heat of summer.
My father will retire at the age of sixty.
My father retired at the age of 65.
My father will come home at seven.
My father is as busy as ever.
My father does not eat much fruit.
My father is too busy to take a walk.
Father makes sure that all the lights are off before he goes to bed.
Father always has the tailor make his suits.
Father always says, "Do your best."
My father always speaks in a very loud voice.
My father always said that heaven helps those who help themselves.
My father does not always walk to work.
My father is always cool.
Father bought me the latest model motorcycle.
My father has been to Australia twice.
My father is far from artistic.
Daddy loves to say funny things.
Father named me after his aunt.
Father ran short of money and had to borrow some.
My father is sweeping the garage.
My father caught three fish yesterday.
My father is always getting angry.
My father has just come home.
My father graduated from Harvard University.
Father translated the French document into Japanese.
My father allowed me to go to the concert.
Dad looked at Mom shyly.
My father will soon be forty years old.
My father often washes the dishes.
The doctor advised my father to cut down on smoking.
My father has never been abroad.
My father smokes a pack of cigarettes a day.
My father can speak English well.
Father would often read detective stories in his spare time.
Father is watering flowers.
Father takes the 7:00 subway to work.
My father insisted on our waiting for the train.
Father will never approve of my marriage.
My father is in good health.
My father is interested in ancient history.
My father teaches English at a high school.
Father suggested to go to the movies this afternoon.
My father took me to a movie last night.
My father got home late last night.
My father sometimes goes to Australia on business.
My father allowed me to go swimming.
My father objected to our marriage.
My father bought this hat for me.
My father told me where to go.
Father bought me a pair of gloves.
My father made me wash the car.
Father told me to wash the car.
Father bought me a new bicycle.
My father made a shelf for me.
My father is very angry with me.
My father drives very well.
My father is in his room.
My father must have been handsome in his youth.
My father retired to make way for younger people.
Father gestured to me to leave the room.
Father is busy writing letters.
My father has been in good shape since his operation.
Father is going to undergo an operation.
My father neither drinks nor smokes.
Father stopped drinking.
My father will come home at the end of this week.
My father is an expert surgeon.
Father is out, but Mother is at home.
My father is getting better by degrees.
My father often goes to America on business.
My father went to Hong Kong on business.
My father is a bit old-fashioned.
My father drinks no spirits.
My father will often read the newspaper during meals.
My father bought me a digital watch for birthday present.
My father put a fence around the garden.
My father lives in the country.
My father works for a power company.
My father likes strong coffee.
My father died of lung cancer.
Being sick in bed, my father can't see you.
My father usually leaves home while I am in bed.
My father grows rice.
My father plays golf every Sunday.
My father goes jogging every morning.
My father takes a walk every morning.
Father keeps a diary every day.
My father has lived in Nagoya for 30 years.
Father is coming home tomorrow.
My father has the same car as Mr Kimura's.
Father set the alarm for six o'clock.
My father gets along with his friends.
My father takes a bath before supper.
Dad said he'd be promoted to section manager next year.
Carry the injured to the hospital.
The injured were removed from the scene.
It's against the law to carry weapons.
Are there any famous musicians on the stage?
Would you like another glass of wine?
He's in charge of the department.
Please do not enter the room without knocking.
There was hardly anyone in the room.
There were many children in the room.
There were few children in the room.
Was there anyone in the room?
Is there anyone in the room?
Is there anyone in the room?
Not a sound was heard in the room.
There isn't anyone in the room.
Wait for a moment outside the room.
There was a neat pile of books in the corner of the room.
I have finished cleaning my room.
Is the room big enough for you?
There was no one in the room.
All the furniture in the room was all worn out.
Leave the room as it is.
Leave the room as it is.
Do not leave the lights on when you leave the room.
You have to clean your room.
Clean up the room.
The men followed him.
Stick another stamp on the envelope.
Stick a stamp on the envelope.
It is blowing very hard.
The wind blew too hard for them to play in the park.
The wind is picking up.
The wind blew her hat off.
The squirrel advanced against the strong wind.
The wind is blowing from the east.
The wind is blowing from the north.
I can't shake off my cold.
It's just a cold.
Do you have anything for a cold?
If you have a cold, you should get plenty of rest.
I caught a cold, and I have a fever.
You'd better be careful not to catch cold.
You should take care not to catch cold.
I must have caught a cold.
I am getting a cold.
The balloon was caught in the tree.
How wide is it?
When angry, count ten; when very angry, a hundred.
He said that he was hungry.
He became irritated.
The hungry baby did nothing but cry.
Don't get angry.
Do you know anything about complex carbohydrates?
I'm not sure I can afford it.
Put some salt into the boiling water.
The article on Buddhism revived my interest in Oriental religions.
There is enough light to read by.
Prices have been climbing steadily.
Prices are going up.
Prices are double what they were ten years ago.
Prices are double what they were two years ago.
Prices have been rising steadily.
Prices continued to rise.
Several factors operated to help prices go up.
A committee was constituted to investigate prices.
I forgot to lock the storeroom.
Physics is my favorite subject.
Which do you like better, physics or chemistry?
You see? You must study a foreign language.
I know.
Beats me.
I think I understand.
A man of sense would be ashamed to do so.
A sensible man wouldn't say such a thing in public.
Mix the flour with two eggs.
A capital letter is used at the beginning of a sentence.
A capital letter is used at the beginning of a sentence.
Get the meaning of a word from its context.
Sentences begin with a capital letter.
Give a lecture on literature.
Don't complain. You have to go.
Stop complaining and do as you're told.
Complaining won't change anything.
Don't believe everything you hear.
I'm all ears.
Nothing is lost for asking.
Hear and see and be still.
I can't hear you.
The only sound to be heard was the ticking of the clock.
Soldiers are used to danger.
The soldiers were ready to die for their country.
The soldiers are ready for battle.
The soldier groaned with pain.
Soldiers must carry out their orders.
The soldiers were guarding the bridge.
Soldiers barred the way to the city.
The soldier kept a sharp lookout in the darkness.
Take the pan off the fire.
Mr Hirayama is a very good teacher.
It seems less crowded during the week.
The price of rice has come down.
Rice is sold by the kilogram.
The United States is abundant in natural resources.
The United States of America is a democratic country.
The United States of America is a democratic country.
The paint was coming off the wall.
There is a picture on the wall.
There is a clock on the wall.
There is a map on the wall.
There were a hat and a coat on the wall.
We're going to paint the wall.
There is no need to be frightened. He won't harm you.
Please show me another.
Let me buy you another one.
Show me another example.
His cottage is on the coast.
Could you wrap this separately, please?
That's strange.
That's weird.
Dust got into one of my eyes.
I'm sorry for the delay in responding.
Can't think of an answer?
You are not to speak to him while he is studying.
Study!
When I study, I listen to music with earphones.
Don't study.
I don't feel like studying.
Maybe you are working too hard.
What subjects do you like the best?
Don't distract me while I am studying.
Don't distract me while I am studying.
You don't need to carry lunch with you.
What's the name of your insurance company?
A conservative is not always a reactionary.
We guarantee our products for one year.
I walked to school.
Why don't we go to the bookstore on foot?
I read a book as I walked.
Do not read while walking.
Shall we walk?
I prefer riding to walking.
When I try to walk, I get an awful pain here.
Keep an eye on your bag while walking.
I found a coin on the sidewalk.
Walk on the pavement.
I don't know when my mother will come back.
Mother made us cheese sandwiches for lunch.
Her eyes shone with joy when she saw that her mother was not mad at her.
Only my mother really understands me.
I am looking for a present for my mother.
Maternal love is greater than anything else.
I gave my mother carnations on Mother's Day.
It fell upon me to take care of my mother.
Mother made me clean the bathroom.
My mother used to be into tennis.
My mother made me a Christmas cake.
My mother is making a cake.
My mother never gets up early.
My mother did nothing but weep.
Mother insists that we should be home by seven in the evening.
My mother was up late last night.
My mother speaks slowly.
Mother is never impatient with us.
Mother has a coffee shop.
My mother is writing a letter now.
My mother is in the hospital now.
My mother is reading a magazine.
Mother prepared us lunch.
Mother told me to mow the lawn.
My mother bought me a new dress.
Mother bought me a new bicycle.
Mother made a doll for me.
Mother prepared lunch for me.
My mother made me a white dress.
Mother always tells me not to sit up late at night.
My mother made me take some medicine.
My mother took my temperature.
My mother put thirteen candles on my birthday cake.
My mother took me to the park.
My mother often said that time is money.
When my mother was young, she was very beautiful.
My mother hates writing letters.
My mother teaches flower arranging.
My mother is busy in the kitchen.
Mother bakes cookies on Sundays.
Mother has gone shopping.
My mother excused his mistake.
Mother stays at home every day.
Mother was busy getting ready for dinner.
Mother boiled ten eggs.
Her mother knocked on the door.
The mother missed her daughter who was away at college.
His mother sat up all night waiting for her son.
The mother was quieting her crying baby.
His mother was a school teacher.
The mother kissed her baby.
The mother bird brought worms for her young ones.
I'm breast-feeding my baby.
Help me lift the package.
The reporter elaborated on the method of his investigation.
Let's split the reward fifty-fifty.
I won the lottery.
If I win the lottery, I'll be able to live high on the hog.
The jeweler mounted a big pearl in the brooch.
What do you do after school?
Could you help us after school?
Will you play tennis after school?
After school, I go to an English school to practice English conversation.
We will play soccer after school.
Let's play tennis after school.
Let's play baseball after school.
Let's play basketball after school.
Do you ever listen to English programs on the air?
I will wait for you in front of the radio station.
I lead a fast way of living.
The vagabond, when rich, is called a tourist.
I'm sorry I've mistaken the direction.
The policy fluctuated between two opinions.
The law is not always fair.
It is our duty to obey the law.
All men are equal under the law.
Respect for law is fundamental to our society.
The objective of law is justice.
The law should not be violated.
People who break the law are punished.
You'll be punished if you break the law.
You are not to break the law.
The bill will never go through.
This bill is safe to pass.
The bill was passed after a hard fight in the House.
The bill passed both Houses.
Lobbyists for the bill funneled bribes into a campaign fund.
The court adjudged that the will was valid.
To obey the law is everyone's duty.
I got a bee sting.
Bee stings can be very painful.
When I call on you, I'll let you know in advance.
Yutaka has two elder brothers.
Put your hat on.
I hung my hat on the peg.
An unforgettable event occurred.
Don't forget to return the book to the library.
Don't forget to sign your name.
Don't forget to call me.
Don't forget to pick me up at 6 o'clock tomorrow.
Do it right now, before you forget.
Write it down before you forget it.
As I am busy, I cannot go.
I didn't answer your letter, because I was busy.
The rioters were forcibly removed from the plaza.
There was only one warden on duty when the riot started.
Violence is the cancer of our society.
The gang was planning a robbery.
The activity of foreign trade has been declining of late.
Don't be afraid of barking dogs.
There was a cold wind blowing from the north.
It is not always cold in Hokkaido.
There are a lot of long and straight roads in Hokkaido.
Hokkaido is very far, isn't it?
Did you enjoy staying in Hokkaido?
Hokkaido is to the north of Sendai.
Hokkaido is to the north of Honshu.
I'm going to climb Mt. Kitadake.
I'm as hungry as a horse.
I'm as hungry as a horse.
I'll pay the bill.
I wrote this book.
I'll admit I'm wrong.
It's not my fault.
This is what I can do for you.
I'm right.
I'll see to it.
I'll see to it.
Every time I fall in love, Dad tells me the girl is my half sister.
Deal us the cards.
Our teacher really stands on ceremony, doesn't she?
Don't interrupt our conversation.
We gave the car a push.
We go out together every weekend.
We are staying at our uncle's.
We often played chess after school.
She and I are classmates.
That just doesn't make sense to me.
I could not afford to buy a bicycle.
I have many abilities.
Please make a milkshake for me.
Tell me the truth.
My grandfather usually eats breakfast at six.
She's my classmate.
Don't interfere in my affairs.
Where's my box of chocolates?
My car's in the shop.
I can't find my pen.
What have you done with my pen?
What have you done with my pen?
My apartment is near here.
My house looks toward the sea.
My dream is to become a very strong mahjong player.
My shoes are bigger than yours.
Do you know my brother Masao?
The way I see it, he is right.
Do you know what I mean?
Do you love me?
Where is my watch?
Would you please take my picture?
Leave my car alone.
Leave my car alone.
My hobby is collecting old coins.
Look at my new car.
Walk ahead of me.
Everything went black.
My friends were so boozed up that I had to drive them home.
All of my friends like soccer.
I'm not tired at all.
I asked her to wait a minute.
I brush my teeth twice a day.
I took Highway 58.
I get up at six.
I feel fine.
I visited my grandmother's house.
I have three cameras.
I meet him at the club.
I gave the bag back to Ken.
I have decided to carry on the work.
I like this color as well.
I can't walk any further.
I run as fast as Jim.
I like jazz.
I'm going to change my shirt.
I'm bad at sports.
I had intended to go there.
I agreed to the proposal.
I agree with him on that point.
I think that it's true.
I think that it's true.
I made an awful mistake in the test.
I remember locking the door.
I turned the doorknob.
I'm so happy.
I like to play basketball.
I go to school by bus.
Suddenly, my feet stopped.
I got along with everybody.
I've got to go now.
I have to go now.
I'm fed up with eating in restaurants.
I heard an unusual sound.
I want to be a doctor.
I'll stay home.
I carried on singing.
I took to her the moment I met her.
I like instrumental music.
I heaved myself up.
I made a long journey last year.
I'm too excited to eat anything.
I don't quite agree with you.
I'm your flatmate Paul.
I agree with you absolutely.
I've got everything that you want.
I will make you happy.
I support you whole-heartedly.
I've been looking for you.
I'm never late for school.
I will never violate a law again.
I looked over my shoulder.
I want something to drink now.
I want something cold to drink now.
I am in London.
I'm being patient.
I'll be on duty this Sunday.
I have no energy today.
I'm left-handed.
I made a big mistake in choosing my wife.
I can put up with a house being untidy, but I don't like it to be dirty.
I have a dictionary.
I have a dictionary.
I have a dictionary.
I'm young.
I looked around me.
I don't mind hot weather.
I could hardly keep from laughing.
I want to sleep.
I want to sleep.
I'm not very good at swimming.
I am afraid of what the teacher will say.
I bought this book the other day.
I asked him point-blank.
I'll get in.
I work best under pressure.
I aimed my gun at the target.
I grew up in the country.
I want to ride a horse.
I am speculating that he may win the game.
I think that she knows the truth.
I accompanied her on the piano.
I love her and she loves me.
I have a cold.
I'll be watching you.
I almost always play baseball after school.
I painted the gate blue.
I painted the gate blue.
I'm a night owl.
I like walking at night.
Me, too.
May I join you?
We have nothing in common.
We learned at school that the square root of nine is three.
When can we eat?
We gazed at the beautiful scenery.
We talked until two in the morning.
Hopefully, we'll enjoy our China trip.
The main duty of a priest is to preach in church.
Live a riotous life.
Put away your books and notebooks.
Do you agree with what he says in the book?
I made an abstract of a book.
Choose a book carefully.
He has books galore.
By reading books and discussing concepts, a person can gain wisdom and tolerance of differing ideas.
I fell asleep while reading.
Reading a book is interesting.
While reading a book, I fell asleep.
The boy reading a book is John.
Look at me with your books closed.
Do you really love me?
Oh, really? When did he leave?
Is that true?
Looks really nice.
Many thanks.
Real friendship is more valuable than money.
I wish I could go.
Translation is by no means easy.
Translating helps us to know our mother tongue better.
Do you know how to play mahjong?
The drug problem is international.
My sister can play the piano better than I can.
My sister did not say "Hello."
My sister is twenty-one years old and a college student.
My sister is too young to go to school.
My sister has a job.
My sister is playing with a doll.
Apart from my sister, my family doesn't watch TV.
My sister will have finished her homework before she goes to Hokkaido.
I'll bring my sister to the party.
Wash your hands before each meal.
How much is your monthly gas bill?
We hold a meeting once a month.
How often do you go to the movies every month?
I walk my dog in the park every morning.
Every day I waited for her at the bookstore after school.
Every day the boy would come.
Study English every day.
Each year Hamamatsu has a kite festival.
I go every year.
A great number of books are published every year.
The curtain fell.
Could I have a pillow and blanket?
I'm very glad to see you again.
Hope to see you again next year.
If you should die, what would become of your family?
Should he hear of your marriage, he will be furious.
If she should come late, give her this message.
Workers of the world, unite!
Much depends upon the result.
Circumstances are entirely favorable to us.
Fill it up.
I intend to get full marks.
The future pilot is trained in a mock cockpit.
The future pilot is trained in a mock cockpit.
I heard a strange sound.
Individual freedom is the soul of democracy.
Are you sleepy?
Take care not to awake the sleeping baby.
I'm a light sleeper.
Sleep is the greatest thief, for it steals half one's life.
I couldn't sleep.
I couldn't sleep.
Little did I dream that I would see you here.
Could you please find the missing key. I can't open the pantry.
No admittance except on business.
It's for free.
Is it free?
We could see nothing but fog.
A boat suddenly appeared out of the mist.
He had one daughter.
A good idea occurred to me last night.
Nagoya is to the east of Kyoto.
Nagoya is between Tokyo and Osaka.
It is hard to maintain one's reputation.
Did you hear your name called?
I only know him by name.
I quite forget your name.
My heart beat when I heard my name called.
Please add my name to the list.
Please add my name to the list.
I found this at the risk of my life.
Do as I told you to do.
The light is on.
The light went out by itself.
Put out the light.
Clearly you are mistaken.
Someone is obviously telling a lie.
Akiko has some friends in France.
Will you pick me up at seven tomorrow morning?
Do we have to get up early tomorrow morning?
Please remind me to mail the report tomorrow.
A friend's coming over tomorrow.
I'll call you up tomorrow.
We will go on a picnic if it is fine tomorrow.
Can you wake me up at 7:00 tomorrow?
May I call you tomorrow?
May I come and see you tomorrow?
Could you come and see me tomorrow?
I am seeing my uncle tomorrow.
I will have finished reading this novel by the time you come tomorrow.
Don't forget to come here at seven tomorrow.
I'll bring it to you tomorrow.
I will ask him about it tomorrow.
We are going to a dance tomorrow.
Can you be ready to leave tomorrow?
How about for tomorrow?
What's the program for tomorrow?
Are you busy tomorrow afternoon?
I'd like to see him tomorrow afternoon.
Are you free in the afternoon?
Remember to mail this letter tomorrow morning.
Call me at six tomorrow morning.
Let's meet at the station at eight tomorrow morning.
I'll call for you at eight tomorrow morning.
Call me at nine tomorrow morning.
I'll call you up tomorrow morning.
Tomorrow's weather should be sunny with occasional rain.
Are you free tomorrow evening?
Let's visit some temples tomorrow.
Are you engaged for tomorrow?
We have a test tomorrow.
What's your schedule for tomorrow?
I am going on a picnic tomorrow.
Will it be hot again tomorrow?
I plan to stay at home all day tomorrow.
I wonder if it will rain tomorrow.
It may rain tomorrow.
I can't tell if it will be raining tomorrow.
I don't think that it will rain tomorrow.
What time do we leave tomorrow?
Don't be late for school tomorrow.
I'll be in my office from ten tomorrow.
It'll snow tomorrow.
Wake me up early tomorrow morning.
The railroad workers are going on walkout tomorrow.
It is likely to be fine tomorrow.
It is Sunday tomorrow.
It's her fifth birthday tomorrow.
Tomorrow is Mother's Day.
I must go through the task by tomorrow.
I must have my work finished by tomorrow.
Can't you put it off until tomorrow?
I do not know if it will rain tomorrow.
I don't know if it will rain tomorrow.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll not go there.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go.
It may rain tomorrow, but we are going in any case.
Can you come to the meeting tomorrow?
See you tomorrow in the office.
See you tomorrow at school.
I will pay you the money tomorrow.
See you tomorrow at the library.
We will have a math quiz tomorrow.
There will be a math test tomorrow.
If it is fine tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.
Rain, rain go away!
I am leaving for Tokyo tomorrow.
I'm going to meet him tomorrow.
Come and see me tomorrow.
I'm coming to see you tomorrow.
It's so obvious we don't need proof.
You'll get lost.
Do you have your driver's license?
You'll have to play it by ear at the interview.
It seems very interesting.
That's an interesting piece of information.
Fur coats are on sale.
Beware of the dog!
Beware of the dog!
How are you keeping off this intense heat?
We made good time until we ran into a blizzard.
The hard work was worthwhile because I passed the exam.
Wood burns.
Don't you think it's rude to give people such a curt reply like that?
I had to take shelter under a tree.
The bicycle under the tree is mine.
There are some boys under the tree.
I heard the leaves rustling.
The leaves fell to the earth.
Leaves begin to fall in October.
There was not a tree in sight.
Wood floats in water.
Wood burns easily.
A wooden building can easily catch fire.
I thought it best to remain silent.
My eyes feel itchy.
I can see the light.
When I awoke, it was snowing.
A blind person's hearing is often very acute.
My eyes are sore.
My eyes get tired very easily.
Their eyes met.
Don't read under insufficient light, for it is bad for your eyes.
I got some sand in my eye.
The eye is the mirror of the soul.
The eye is the window of the soul.
Open your eyes.
Keep your eyes open.
Open your eyes, please.
I awoke to find everything had been a dream.
Wake up!
Don't keep your eyes on the ground; look at me.
Close your eyes, and count to ten.
Don't shut your eyes.
Close your eyes and go to sleep.
I overslept because my alarm didn't go off.
The end does not always justify the means.
The same old problem.
Is something wrong?
It is not what you read but how you read that matters.
The problem is that solar energy costs too much.
The problem is how we cope with the present difficulties.
The problem is who is going to tell him the truth.
The trouble is that you are too young.
The problem was that I had nothing to say to him.
The point is whether she will come or not.
The problem is whether my parents will agree or not.
It is time to shut the gate.
Swimming at night is dangerous.
Can you arrange for a night tour bus?
It must have rained during the night.
A fire broke out during the night.
At night, we usually go bowling.
I go to bed early at night.
I go to bed early at night.
The sun doesn't shine at night.
I am used to sitting up late.
I had instant noodles as a midnight snack.
I asked him not to play the piano late at night.
I heard something crashing in the kitchen in the middle of the night.
I heard our dog barking all night.
Don't you like baseball?
Interest in baseball cuts across classes and ages in this country.
Let's play baseball.
Playing baseball is a sport, and climbing mountains is a sport, too.
There were a lot of excited fans in the stadium.
The price of vegetables varies from day to day.
Eat a lot of vegetables.
Wild animals live in the forest.
Bird watching is a nice hobby.
I was late for the appointment.
Promises are made to be broken.
You will keep your word, won't you?
It is a shame not to keep your promise.
We must not break our promise.
The medicine cured him of his illness.
Are you allergic to any medicine?
When taking drugs, follow the directions on the bottle carefully.
I don't like a fat diet.
Oil does not mix with water.
Keep oil away from the fire.
Imported cars account for less than eight percent.
Keep a good heart and go on writing.
You should be careful in your choice of friends.
My friends invited me to dinner.
A friend of mine asked me to send her a postcard.
I feel restless when I have to wait too long for my friend to show up.
Do you have many friends?
My friends call me Ken.
My friends call me Beth.
The friend was absent.
You must be careful in choosing your friends.
I went to the station to see my friend off.
You should choose your friends very carefully.
You should choose your friends very carefully.
I don't believe that ghosts exist.
Some people believe in ghosts.
Ghosts exist.
Do ghosts really exist?
It's valid until March thirty-first, nineteen-ninety-seven.
A famous architect built this house.
A famous architect built this house.
Yukiko likes potatoes.
For the first time in her life, Yuka has finished reading an English book.
I was watching TV when Yumi came.
Yumi is one of my friends.
Yumi will not play tennis.
Yumi is good at playing tennis.
Yumi studied English last night.
Yumi speaks English very well.
Yumi studies English hard.
Yumi will become a teacher.
Yumi plays tennis on Sunday.
Yumi has many books.
The rich and the poor are afraid of death.
Live in affluence.
The kidnappers showed no sign of giving up.
You must not yield to temptation.
More play will mean less time to study.
Play or study - the choice is yours.
The postman delivers letters every morning.
The post office is a few minutes' walk from here.
The post office is down the street.
Where is the post office?
The post office is adjacent to the library.
I've just been to the post office.
I had a slight headache last night.
It wasn't very hot last night.
It snowed a good deal last night.
We may well have rain this evening.
Thank you for inviting me to dinner.
How about going out for dinner?
You can watch TV after supper.
It's time for dinner.
Dinner is ready, so we can eat whenever we want.
I don't want dinner.
What would you like for supper?
She cooked the dinner herself.
I'll go out after having dinner.
I watched the news on TV after supper.
You must not go out after dinner.
Let's continue the game after supper.
Time for dinner.
What does she do in the evening?
I was caught in a shower and got drenched to the skin.
We are traveling on a tight budget.
We are traveling on a tight budget.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
I'd like to make a reservation.
Could you cancel my reservation?
I'd like to change my reservation.
All subscriptions must be paid before the end of this year.
Are there reserved seats on the train?
They consider it impolite to disagree with someone they don't know very well.
I didn't enjoy it very much.
None of your business.
We have plenty of time to spare.
Do you believe in fairies?
Read such books as can be easily understood.
There are many kinds of insurance such as: health insurance, fire insurance, life insurance, etc.
Yoko speaks English, doesn't she?
Aunt Yoko is too weak to work.
Yoko went shopping yesterday.
Yoko is unable to buy a computer.
Yoko avoided answering my question.
Yoko will go to Kyoto next week.
Tom's efforts to open a clothing store went up in smoke.
Take care!
Take care!
Sheep are feeding in the meadow.
The leaves fell.
In a word, life is short.
In a word, you hate me, don't you?
It is highly probable that the deletion of element C will still yield the same result.
I will give you anything you want.
Is the bath clean?
We were very sleepy the next morning.
I had sore legs the next day.
You may bring whoever wants to come.
No one came except Mary.
Please come.
I just want you to come.
Come and help us.
If you can't make it, call us as soon as possible.
I will be leaving for Australia next month.
I'll see you next month.
Taxi fares will go up next month.
I am moving next month.
I'll be taking a vacation next month.
I'm looking forward to seeing you next week.
I'll see you a week from today.
We're having a party next Saturday.
I will be free next Saturday.
I'd like to see you again next week.
Until next week.
I'm planning to leave for Europe next week.
I want to study abroad next year.
I'm considering studying in America next year.
I'll be seventeen next year.
Let's get together again next year.
Next year I will be three times as old as you.
A sharp crack of thunder split the sky.
It is because light travels faster than sound that we see lightning before we hear thunder.
Hey, relax.
Call me when you get settled in.
Watch out for falling objects!
Study hard so you don't fail.
The shell of an egg is easily broken.
The price of eggs is going up.
How do you like your eggs done?
How do you like your eggs done?
They announced that a storm was coming.
In spite of the storm, he went out.
The storm prevented her from arriving on time.
The sky cleared up soon after the storm.
After the storm, the road was blocked with fallen trees.
I think it's dangerous to climb a mountain on a day when it's stormy.
The storm caused a lot of damage.
The storm didn't abate for several hours.
The storm brought about much damage.
The storm developed into a typhoon.
We took refuge from the storm in a nearby barn.
The clever student finished the test quickly.
A barber is a man who shaves and cuts men's hair.
I met him at the barber's.
I have been to the barber's.
No one can tell the reason.
Theory and practice should go hand in hand.
A theory must be followed by practice.
He can pull strings for you.
I'd like a room in the back.
I think she will divorce him.
Taking off is easier than landing.
A fish out of water.
Frankly speaking, I don't agree with you.
Frankly speaking, I don't like your haircut.
Frankly speaking, I don't like you.
I get dizzy spells when I stand up.
Let's try and swim against the current.
The stream is not very swift.
I was vaccinated against the flu.
I would like to speak English fluently.
I would like to speak English fluently.
My decision to study abroad surprised my parents.
I study abroad.
Sulfur burns with a blue flame.
The dragon is an imaginary creature.
A dragon is a creature of fancy.
Before taking a journey, I got a haircut.
I feel like going on a trip.
Do you like to travel?
Don't carry too much baggage when you travel.
This guidebook might be of use to you on your trip.
I want to get a haircut before I go on the trip.
What's the purpose of your trip?
It's fun to travel.
It's fun to travel.
We must take into account the wishes of all the family in planning a trip.
May I pay with a travelers' check?
It rained three times during the trip.
It rained three times during the trip.
I asked Bill what the weather had been like during his travel.
The news of the merger of the two companies broke yesterday.
There is no connection between them.
The gap between them has narrowed.
A population policy should be considered on the international viewpoint so as to balance the interests of both sides.
Hold the ball in both hands.
Hold it with both hands.
Hands up!
Hands up!
My parents sent me a postcard.
It is always difficult for a son to live up to the expectations of his parents.
My parents have gone to the airport to see my uncle off.
My parents have just arrived at the station.
My parents objected to my studying abroad.
The parents named their baby Akira.
The parents want to give their son the best education.
Let me introduce my parents to you.
Let me introduce my parents to you.
The price does not include the box.
You are a good cook, aren't you?
I hear you are good at cooking.
The food is cold.
A cooking course should be mandatory in schools.
A good cook doesn't throw out yesterday's soup.
The dishes were not so delicious, but otherwise the party was a success.
A good idea occurred to me just then.
Good habits should be cultivated in childhood.
Have a nice weekend!
I left home early so as to get a good seat.
There is a shortage of good building wood.
Quality is more important than quantity.
I'd like a receipt, please.
I feel lethargic.
A green carpet will not go with this blue curtain.
The boy who lives next door often comes home late.
The boy who lives next door often comes home late.
There is a fence marking the boundary between our yard and the neighbor's.
There is a fence marking the boundary between our yard and the neighbor's.
You should be good to your neighbors.
The man next door said he goes for a jog every morning.
Tears ran down Alice's cheeks.
Tears rolled down my cheeks.
My eyes are watering.
Tears filled her eyes.
For example, it is 7:00 a.m. in London now.
A cold beer would hit the spot!
I am dying for a cold drink.
The Cold War ended when the Soviet Union collapsed.
Put the tomato salad in the refrigerator.
Mr Suzuki, as far as I know, has not returned from Hawaii yet.
The history class starts at nine.
The train leaves in ten minutes.
The train was so crowded that we were obliged to stand all the way to Osaka.
The train passed by us.
I only got to the station after the train had left.
As the train came to a halt, all of the passengers wondered what was happening.
We have ample time to catch our train.
I like to ride on trains.
We have enough time to catch the train.
The last three coaches of the train were badly damaged.
I think the train will come soon.
The train gathered speed.
The train leaves at one-thirty this afternoon.
Will the train leave on time?
The train arrived ten minutes behind time.
The train just left.
The train was full of passengers.
The train will probably arrive at the station before noon.
The train left before they got to the station.
Love and cough cannot be hidden.
Love is like the measles; we all have to go through it.
Everybody's business is nobody's business.
Everybody's business is nobody's business.
Keep in touch!
Labor is not merely a necessity but a pleasure.
Many of the workers died of hunger.
I'm getting farsighted as I get older.
If you want security in your old age, begin saving now.
It is important for old people to stay strong.
Although old, he is still very much alive.
The old man lived there by himself.
The old man gave the child shelter.
The old man loaded his mule with bags full of sand.
The old man passed away this morning.
The old man walked with a stick.
The old man sat on the bench with his eyes closed.
An old woman was burnt to death.
An aging population will require more spending on health care.
Deaf-mute people talk using sign language.
I took my temperature every six hours.
Needless to say, fundamental human rights should be respected.
Have you ever eaten Japanese food?
Peace talks will begin next week.
Can we talk in private?
Don't talk!
As he talked, he got more and more excited.
I know from his speech that he is not an American.
I need someone to talk with.
Please don't cut me off like that.
It wasn't until I heard him speak that I recognized him.
We talked about a variety of topics.
The planets revolve around the sun.
I can't find my watch.
Adversity makes a man wise, not rich.
It seems that there will be a storm soon.
Have you ever seen it hail?
"What was that person saying?" "He couldn't communicate in Russian at all so I told him off in Russian."
"What is she saying?" "You don't even know 'norito'?" "Norito?" "It's something like a Shinto spell."
"This is the police. Would you mind coming down to the station?" "W-why?" "You can't think it's not a crime to go shooting guns off in the middle of town?!"
"What's the difference between erotic and kinky?" "Erotic is when you use a feather and kinky is when you use a whole chicken."
I think to clearly distinguish opinion from fact is important.
"I'm too old to be playing with bugs," said the boy.
"Talking about 108, that's the number of worldly passions." "What worldly passions have you got then?" "I could say, but it'll get censored out."
So I thought my date, er rather, offline-meeting was going to be just me and her but things aren't that easy.
He doesn't realise that he's tone deaf.
The Oscar ceremonies are Hollywood's biggest extravaganza.
My internet connection was cut off.
According to the guidebook, this is the best restaurant around here.
Accordingly, besides noun declension patterns, there also existed a greater variety of verb conjugation patterns than in Modern English.
The good thing about this electronic dictionary is that it's easy to carry.
Sorry, I've got part-time work from the morning tomorrow.
Sean really greatly resembles Conner!
Swiss chocolate really melts in your mouth.
Oh, OK. See you. But drive carefully.
I'm back! Oh? Have we got a guest?
By the way, my English is absolutely hopeless.
I've finally got the whole set!
Possibly because he's got a beard, he looks scary at first glance but he's really a kind man.
He-heh... there's a tale behind that, for that place.
Pale ale is a low-alcohol beer.
If the distance you move the pen is too small, the speed too slow, it can't recognize the gestures well and you can't operate it in the way you thought.
Paul ran his hand through his hair.
I don't want to do anything risky.
Could you repeat that?
A good neighbour is better than a brother far off.
A good neighbour is better than a brother far off.
The palace was heavily guarded.
I should not have said that.
There's a place called Kuchiwa in Hiroshima.
Stop putting off finding a job.
Children should obey their parents.
It wasn't as expensive as I expected.
I waited until the last minute.
I was kicked out of high school.
When I put 100 yen in and pressed the button to buy a coffee at the vending machine, four cans dropped down all at once!
You should know it.
Tanabata comes up in manga a lot so I also know it fairly well.
Please explain in detail.
Sleep deprivation increases risk of heart attacks.
She looked bored while we were making love.
Tell me the meaning of life.
I don't know about the past, but now we have faxes and emails.
I bought a red tie.
War isn't something to be done lightly, also changing the constitution isn't something that should be done because "I just really want to go to war".
Snow completely covered the town.
I found something interesting in the town.
The path zigzagged up the steep slope.
The path zigzagged up the steep slope.
I heard that he'd died.
He shouted at the top of his voice, "This is a battle we cannot lose."
He's a comedian.
His encounter with her is enriching his inner life.
I guess she's into bondage and domination.
She lived at 56 Russell Square.
If I tell my mother, she'll worry, so I don't think I'll tell her.
Man can't live without dreams.
Ryoko has a cute little face.
After climbing Mt. Fuji, I got the inspiration for a poem.
Is this bread's best-by OK?
"Didn't you get married!?" "Oh, we split up. We broke our engagement."
I also brought some gruel I made. It just needs warming up.
It's very easy to drink potato shochu now that the potato-like smell has been reduced to a low level through use of the latest biotechnology.
Does the applicant have suitable abilities to carry out the job?
"Well, even so my score is far above yours isn't it?" "What did you say!? If I was to go all out you'd be as nothing to me!"
The girl, her eyes shining brightly from that single hint, makes her cute cat-motif automatic pencil run across her notebook.
"Hey! It's dangerous to run here." "Eh? ... A-a-Aaah!!" "Oh dear, what did I tell you?"
"That's an unusual hobby she's got, the transfer student." "She's cute so it's fine with me."
Don't dodge the issue, I want you to answer my question.
At the time there were no native English speakers teaching in any public school.
"My metabolism is such that no matter how much I eat I don't put on weight." "Just now, this second, you've made enemies of people throughout the world."
We, ACME Ltd., hereby announce that we will resist with all our strength this hostile takeover.
Your wonderful lecture was pearls before swine.
He's just a normal junior high school student, not particularly intelligent.
Even if we don't get lucky on the first try we can just keep fucking till I get pregnant.
Just as if that was proof that that English was correct.
You've both been very impressive today. I'm proud of you.
No sign of the enemy in our surroundings.
By the way, today is the 8th of June — my wife's birthday.
This a recent photo?
An English-Japanese dictionary is surely a must have book, not just for those taking TOEIC, but for all studying English.
I've found something amazing!
I've found something amazing!
Fuck you!
Fuck you!
Fuck you!
Things that modify nouns (adjective, or adjectival equivalent).
That 'Ayumi' kid, only 13 but has performed in movies and theatres as a child actor since she was five.
You're really the best when, and only when, it comes to angering people.
"You don't get on well with your father?" "..." "Sorry, that was none of my business."
I moved a chess piece on the board one forward.
I'm not a university student, but I'm brighter than them.
At first, I thought they were sick.
I said I would make her happy.
I'm busy getting ready for tomorrow.
"Hey, when do the dorms lock up?" "9 o'clock" "Whoops, if we don't run we won't make it!"
Putting ideas into practice is difficult.
Only Takeuchi didn't accept the invitation.
Our house, our rules.
May I use your ink pad?
When I try to listen to music with media player there's an error and I can't play the file.
Can I have a few words with you?
On some OS's you get gibberish for filenames with full-width characters so when downloading please change to a suitable filename.
Sorry, that was none of my business.
Jealousy made him do that.
In the Edo period, moon-viewing parties were very popular.
There's the chance to get a huge income in this business, a million yen a month is possible!
Please accept this little gift.
Take care of Mr. Tanaka for me!
Hey, you there!
Hemingway had a poor writing style.
The hearing acuity of dogs is superior by far to that of humans.
Mrs. Bruce was the first female pilot to fly between England and Japan.
Please don't do anything that would besmirch the Matsuno family name!
I've heard that if you default on the water rates your water supply will be suspended, is that true?
2. Draw a boomerang shape on the card with a pen. Cut out the boomerang you've drawn.
I don't know how to use an art file (.art).
All that time the things granddad had said, like the sound of flies flying round a melon, buzzed in my head.
Click the picture to go to the next page!
Only in novels do you find individuals who live out their whole life with unvarying character.
I'm Japanese, but I don't live in Japan.
So, was there a time when you were a wizard, too?
Grandmother's ashes are in an urn at the temple.
When the counter value reaches the assigned 'lucky-number' it displays a congratulatory message.
However, it seems that just because it's a 'low risk day' doesn't mean that you won't get pregnant from intravaginal ejaculation.
I also think 'living hell' is putting it too strongly.
Those good-for-nothing layabouts were sacked.
The weak point of this book is that it's less than persuasive when the married author recommends not being married.
I held a wedding ceremony last month.
Which country are you from?
"Dad, this a real sword?" "Of course, it is a duel after all."
The name Cleopatra has become a byword for a beautiful woman.
He said with a perplexed expression, "I've heard nothing, so I can't say anything."
For example, if a chain-smoking teacher cautions a pupil for smoking, that warning is self-contradictory.
Solve the mystery lurking behind the murder!
Maria Callas was a famous opera singer.
This newspaper is free.
What goes around comes around.
Good morning!
Good morning!
He has endured sacrifices for America that most of us cannot begin to imagine.
I promise you, we as a people will get there.
There's new energy to harness, new jobs to be created, new schools to build, and threats to meet, alliances to repair.
This is your victory.
It drew strength from the not-so-young people who braved the bitter cold and scorching heat to knock on doors of perfect strangers, and from the millions of Americans who volunteered and organized and proved that more than two centuries later a government of the people, by the people, and for the people has not perished from the Earth.
But above all, I will never forget who this victory truly belongs to. It belongs to you. It belongs to you.
I am grateful to them.
And I would not be standing here tonight without the unyielding support of my best friend for the last 16 years, the rock of our family, the love of my life, the nation's next first lady, Michelle Obama.
I want to thank my partner in this journey, a man who campaigned from his heart, and spoke for the men and women he grew up with on the streets of Scranton, and rode with on the train home to Delaware, the vice president-elect of the United States, Joe Biden.
If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible; who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time; who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer.
Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection.
This is my mother.
This is my mom.
I really don't know.
Thank you very much.
I used a map during my trip.
He likes traveling and so do I.
He likes to travel. I do, too.
However, the singer does not deny her ancestry.
And with me, we are yet one more.
Shall we go to the cinema?
He's the same age as I.
What is the date today?
I don't want to work.
My ear is itching.
I love to dance.
She's leaving the country in six months.
I saw it in the newspaper.
We won't go out if it doesn't stop raining.
They are peace-loving people.
Can you forgive me?
Yesterday, he read the most interesting novel.
If possible, I'd like to travel around the world.
He submits to authority.
I really like the concept of this website.
Oh, I know this man!
Remain there and don't move.
He's sitting in the meeting room.
Ask her when she comes back.
Wait for her to return then ask her.
I can't imagine what creatures living on another planet are like.
"Are these cars yours?" "Yes, they are mine."
I find it hard to express my feelings in words.
His doctor advised him to quit smoking.
I discovered my father collected 30 years of newpapers.
We watched the children play.
Can you imagine walking around on the moon?
Stop kidding me.
I don't want to drink anything.
My head hurts.
I've got a headache.
Compared to yours, my car is small.
When does that start?
His son died from cancer at a young age.
Gold is much heavier than water.
This is the book I read after finishing my homework.
This dog runs very fast!
He asked her to give him preferential treatment.
In this kind of weather it's best if I stay at home and don't go outside.
He works hard.
Freedom has a cost.
A few minutes later, the telephone rang.
His sisters as well as he are now living in Tokio.
He and his sisters are currently living in Tokyo.
Why are you saying you want to walk in the park?
Even if they have a good wine menu, I will not want to dine here.
Swimming makes your legs stronger.
Tell me what you did to Shounan.
He isn't himself anymore.
The food looks very delicious.
The meeting room is occupied at the moment.
He tried a cheesecake.
I bought an ancient lamp.
He's not stupid.
Love is the process of breaking and mending the heart of another.
She has a lot of things to do.
Don't tell anyone our plan.
I can teach you how to drive.
I don't know her, nor do I want to.
Last year she left Japan.
You'll find it difficult to meet her requirements.
I respect the elderly.
Our child likes dogs, but I prefer cats.
I want to have a little look.
Do you hear what I'm saying?
Apart from on rainy days, I always ride my bike to work.
Here's the change.
Which do you prefer: this one or that one?
We have your size, but not in that color.
I can't speak French or German.
Truth is, I don't like him.
What is my room number?
What's my room number?
That only happens occasionally.
The house burned to the ground before the fire truck arrived.
Are you for or against abortion?
Do you support or oppose abortion?
You're good with women.
I have two children, one in is Beijing and the other one is in Nagoya.
There are lots of trees in the countryside.
He is American.
He's American.
She's American.
It's American.
It's hard to say what the weather will be like tomorrow.
Who knows where he has gone.
God only knows where he has gone.
His little brother is a famous soccer player.
The bell rang.
No words can express her deep sorrow.
He grew up in Australia.
She grew up in Australia.
The church is at the foot of a mountain.
Their journey was delayed because of the train.
Steve looks quite happy.
Please turn up the AC a little bit.
This isn't the type that I like.
I broke the lock opening the door.
I've been busy writing a short story.
Who is that woman in the brown coat?
Who's the woman in the brown coat?
This shop is open from 9 to 6 o'clock.
Without water, we cannot exist.
Without water, we can not survive.
Today, the weather is very nice.
The weather is good today.
Some people like sports. Others don't.
Can you guess what I have here?
Good evening.
Good evening.
I agree.
I agree with that.
Dogs have a keen sense of smell.
Now is the time to act.
When is the Apocalypse?
All of them are good teachers.
Can I use your dictionary for a minute?
He always drinks black coffee.
He said hello to the woman.
He went to America to study medicine.
There are forty students in our class.
The fastest way to travel is by plane.
My dad doesn't like soccer.
My father doesn't like soccer.
Can I borrow your pencil for a bit?
Are you picking me up at 7 tomorrow morning?
The leaves fall off the trees in the fall.
I listened, but I didn't hear anything.
3 cubed is 27.
If it rains tomorrow, I'll just stay at home.
I need it as quickly as possible.
The weather was not only cold, it was also damp.
To make a cake, you need egg, butter and sugar.
Let's give the book to whoever wants it.
The man you saw yesterday is my uncle.
The man you saw yesterday was my uncle.
What we need is help.
That man, the child of whom is very friendly.
The reporter rented an expensive room.
That's the computer he used to write the article.
That's the computer on which he writes his articles.
He has an interesting job but it requires a lot of skill.
He works for a newspaper with a large circulation.
I'm pregnant.
They live in peace.
He hopes he has already succeeded.
I have two English books.
There are twelve months in a year.
One year has twelve months.
My dad is not at home for the moment.
This is not your book, it's mine.
I do not work.
I have an older brother and an older sister.
Little Ming still doesn't know where he's going to go next year.
My friend is seventeen years old.
My friend is seventeen.
This afternoon I have English class for two hours and then two hours of Chinese.
Chinese characters are very beautiful.
Let's clean up the whole desk.
Kent is a born leader.
It is very dangerous to jump aboard the train when it is moving.
He painted his bicycle red.
I wish to become a dentist in future.
You have to pay special attention to what you eat and drink.
I won't be home next Sunday.
Quit smoking if you don't want to die early.
A true gentleman never betrays his friends.
Now you should rest a little.
Try resting for now.
You'd better go to the infirmary.
The government of this country oppresses its people.
My throat is parched.
Who is your Chinese teacher?
Whose teacher is coming from the United Kingdom?
I work in a bank.
I don't like working at the bank.
Wang Xiaoming speaks English, but doesn't have a lot of English books.
How many people are there in your family?
How many people are in your family?
Where's his home?
Where is his house?
My Chinese teacher is a man.
Whose grammar book is this?
My class is not very big; there are only 11 students.
The dictionary he talked about isn't available in the library.
Do all of you speak Chinese?
Xiaoming Wang has never been to America. He really wants to go next year.
He is now working in France.
He still hasn't been to France; he really wants to go next year.
I am French.
I'm French.
How many sisters and brothers do you have?
Mom is older than Dad.
Maria is spending a lot of money on clothes.
His scores are always better than mine, even though he doesn't study very much.
This film is really boring - the best bit is when it finishes.
I am a man.
I'm a man.
Can you guess how old I am?
He'll be back home tomorrow.
He really likes baseball.
It's OK.
No problem.
I am very sad.
Do you like music?
Can anyone pronounce this word?
She was satisfied with the new skirt.
I don't like to go out when it's dark.
He's as tall as me.
I understand it more or less.
I walked about 1 mile.
It's very likely to rain tomorrow.
I will go skiing in Hokkaido.
He stretched his arm.
I don't think that she looks like her mother.
The train leaves at 6 o'clock.
Call an ambulance!
I had already left before you returned.
Put the egg into boiling water.
He likes hunting.
That is the man I see every day on the train.
This bomb can kill a lot of people.
He is learning how to drive a car.
He is not a good driver.
Do you have any condoms?
I'm really tired.
I'm incredibly tired.
She's collecting material for a book.
Will it rain tomorrow?
Nobody believes what I say.
I want to watch this film.
Switzerland is located between France, Italy, Austria and Germany.
I see a woman wearing black.
She lived for a long time.
A sea separates Ireland and England.
Ogai is his favorite author.
I hope everything will be fine in the end.
She's coming!
It rained for a week.
How long do you plan on staying in this country?
You might have heard of it.
Yesterday I went and fished by the river.
He sleeps during the day and works at night.
That boy denies stealing the bicycle.
Living in the city is really different to living in the country.
He has endured sacrifices for the United States that most of us cannot begin to imagine.
I waited for my friend for an hour.
I waited an hour for my friend.
My little sister looks like my mum.
The whole country was covered in snow.
When he retired, his son took over the business.
She told me her mum bought it for her.
Can you show me this skirt please?
He's started looking for a job.
He's getting along well with all of his classmates.
He is on goods terms with all of his classmates.
I can't afford that.
I will give you a bike for your birthday.
He's always smiling.
Don't cry like a child!
I always enjoy listening to classical music in my free time.
She'll give her photo to whoever wants it.
She likes cooking for her family.
Can you lend me your bicycle?
My uncle gave me a gift.
Your father is pretty tall.
As far as I'm concerned, she's a complete stranger.
She's a complete stranger to me.
Who's your favourite TV star?
He put away his toys.
What a wonderful family!
He caught a cold.
I want to know where she went.
It's already 11.
I couldn't be any more tired.
Nothing's as important as peace.
Don't forget smoking is bad for your health.
It takes me ten minutes to walk to school.
"A cat?" asked the old man.
They're required to work eight hours every day.
I married eight years ago.
I think exams ruin education.
Let me know if I need to change.
Thank you, I couldn't do it without you.
I can't live without TV.
I want to know how long it'll take.
Imagination affects every part of our lives.
"How do you feel?" he asked.
Can I ask a question?
"Mum, can I have a biscuit?" "No, you shouldn't eat between meals."
How long does it take to get to the train station?
You're not even phased, you must have known all along!
The weather today is great, as it will be tomorrow.
Taro has a really strong sense of responsibility.
I'm very sorry, we can't accept your request.
We swam by the lake.
It was love at first sight.
My father stopped drinking.
My father quit drinking.
After all, you're right.
If possible, this weekend.
Even though he has a lot of money, he's not happy.
My period hasn't come.
Let's leave.
She still hasn't heard this news.
I'm doubtful that he's going to come.
Does your new computer run well?
You made a mistake.
Oh, I'm really sorry.
I need a new computer.
She turned down the subsidy that I offered.
The problem is we can't use our car on that day.
We've gone to the park to take photos.
This is my book.
These pictures are really very beautiful.
I need your passport and three photographs.
My younger brother really likes to take photos of mountains.
Yoshida, don't stress.
Take it slowly.
Just take it slowly.
Our eyes take time to adjust to the dark.
I don't have time for reading.
We just have enough time to eat breakfast.
I don't know if I have time to do it.
This is the tallest man I've ever seen.
The people here are used to the cold.
I don't really read newspapers.
What's the matter?
What's happened?
Excuse me, where are the eggs?
Thanks a lot!
Are they both the same?
Do you miss me?
I lived in Nagoya for over a month.
A million people lost their live during the war.
It's up to you if we go.
I am eating rice.
Carrefour's Ham offcuts are not expensive at all, but are nonetheless delicious.
"When will you come back?" "It all depends on the weather."
"Who's that? " "It's your mother."
Can I eat this orange?
He likes oranges.
This fruit is shaped like an orange and tastes like a pineapple.
My bike was stolen last night.
Whose bike is this?
This is my bike.
This bike needs to be repaired.
His bicycle is blue.
I want to cry.
I feel lonely.
I feel dead.
I should stop procrastinating.
No point in threatening me. I'll still tell you nothing.
My father participated in a cooking contest and came in first.
I ran into Ken at the park.
What is the reason why he came here?
There were two cakes.
There were two pieces of cake.
That can't be Mary. She's in the hospital now.
I've heard the French version of this song.
He's afraid of dogs.
What'll you be doing at this time tomorrow?
You had better go now.
They can overcome their fear.
We have to do our best.
Please give me a cup of water.
Can I rest a bit?
Have you ever been to Kyoto?
Men should work.
You can't drink seawater because it is too salty.
Ken's dog is very big.
For now, I will wait at the hotel.
I need to know tomorrow.
I feel a little guilty that I didn't invite him to join the celebration.
The globe is similar in shape to an orange.
Is it going to snow tonight?
The lost fishing boat made a safe return to harbour.
One's new. The other's old.
One is new, the other is old.
I'm very sorry that I came home so late.
This is the house I lived in when I was young.
I see a cat chasing a dog.
I find this book is very difficult to read.
We've sent the invitations yesterday.
He is mean.
She's highly influenced by current trends.
She follows the latest craze.
This river flows rapidly.
This island is in the south of Japan.
I have nothing to do with this crime.
He speaks poor French.
Foreigners astound me.
We don't have class on Wednesday afternoons.
What kind of music do you like?
Like me, Lucy has many friends.
Can I park my car here?
I hope I can see you at Christmas.
Please can we have two teas and one coffee.
Please can we have two cups of tea and one cup of coffee.
I can choose between tea and coffee.
Does doing things in this way have a benefit?
Doing things in this way has no benefit.
Are you really going to London to study?
When I am in London, I will most probably go catch a few performances.
There are many parks in London.
When did you go to London?
He has left now.
What do you think I was doing before?
How could I be a robot? Robots can't dream.
I can’t do any better.
I did my best.
I don't want something like this to happen.
I'm curious.
I don't love you anymore.
He put the book on the table.
He plays tennis very well.
He's a tennis player.
Can you teach me to play chess?
He knows many people.
He tires easily.
In the end he achieved his objective.
He somewhat resembles his father.
He's a little pale.
He's a bit pasty.
He stopped for a quick cigarette.
He is the same age as me.
He's the same age as me.
He just got home.
He arrived at school exactly on time.
Without the slightest hesitation, he sold his own car.
Which season do you like best, spring or autumn?
The things he says are not the least bit important.
The things he says are entirely inconsequential.
What he says is total nonsense.
It's about to rain.
It's going to rain soon.
Computers are complicated machines.
What time does the train arrive at Yokohama?
What time will the train get to Yokohama?
I am Chinese.
Are you Chinese or Japanese?
Who is your Chinese teacher?
It is I.
I teach.
I travelled around Europe.
I am the leader of this team.
Japan is the leader of the world's high-tech industry.
She took night classes in the art of self-defense.
Several dozen young people participated in the demonstration.
I am afraid of death.
I'm afraid of death.
I'm afraid of dying.
Nobody likes war.
No one likes war.
You're a human.
You're a person.
At night all cats are grey.
This dictionary has about 40,000 entries.
Give your best effort in all that you do.
The couple had a son.
Jim hasn't come home yet.
Jim has not yet returned home.
I saw a beautiful waterfall there.
A cold front swept over Europe.
Extreme cold covered Europe.
A cold snap spread across Europe.
I want to eat pizza tonight.
The deadline is approaching.
Mike really likes animals.
Good morning.
There's an apple in this boy's pocket.
What's the weather like there?
When you returned, I had already left.
There are no clouds in the sky.
There's not a cloud in the sky.
There is no cloud in the sky.
Tom walks very slowly.
These issues have no effect on us.
Due to the worsening weather, the departure was delayed.
Are you going out tomorrow?
The dress fits you very well.
We don't have time.
No matter how important the question may or may not be, you must solve it.
I forgot.
The party was a success.
The company's going to go bankrupt really soon.
We want to get more information.
He said that, on the whole, it was correct.
He will be a good husband to my sister.
He can do it better than I can.
Where does he work?
The pain is unbearable.
The top of the mountain is covered in snow.
Only then did I realize that I had left my wallet at home.
It seems she hates you.
I would like to take a walk, but the day is too hot.
This factory manufactures CD players.
This song makes me think of when I was young.
The radio is powered off.
I arrived at the village before dark.
Some people like volleyball, others enjoy tennis.
I didn't get the point of his speech.
I wonder if it will be sunny outside.
How about going out to eat tonight?
This book is really difficult to finish reading in a week.
Bill, open the door.
He studies English, but he's also studying German.
Her goal is to become a teacher.
Sooner or later he will tell me everything.
He is speaking quickly.
I want to learn Chinese next year.
My father is a skilled fisherman.
He is very handsome.
I'm at home.
I don't like school.
He couldn't hold his temper any longer.
He could no longer contain his anger.
He is poor.
He's staying at his aunt's.
He's a bit lively.
He's a bit energetic.
He has gained weight.
She's a stubborn girl.
See you later!
Goodbye!
Bye!
See you.
It turned out that the rumor was false.
There was a lot of snow last year.
It snowed a lot last year.
Of course I should read this book.
Looks like it's not that easy, huh?
Some people wash themselves, some people don't.
To thank you, here is a gift.
She is very proud of her talent.
Sure. Good luck!
Which hat is yours?
What do you think of it?
You'd better do as the doctor advised you.
There's no poison in this fish.
She hardly speaks English.
No one is free; even the birds are chained to the sky.
Strictly speaking, you're wrong.
He made up his mind quickly.
He made up his mind right away.
I have climbed Mt. Fuji.
Many homes were washed away by the flood.
Don't forget us!
Do not forget about us.
I'm very impatient to see the new version of Tatoeba.
I've seen an article on the Tatoeba blog about a new version coming soon. Have you read it?
It's too bad the college dining hall doesn't have fig cookies.
He still hasn't answered my letter.
He still hasn't responded to my letter.
He must have been on steroids to have run that fast.
Say hello to your mum for me.
In places where it snows a lot, kerosene is an indispensable item.
Can you help me to translate these sentences into Chinese?
Excuse me?
I am tired after swimming in that river.
It helped me a lot.
It's raining cats and dogs tonight.
Good question!
I have a black and white speckled dog.
The bill, please.
How much does it cost?
I didn't do it on purpose.
Hello everyone!
His condition has improved.
Fresh fruit is good for your health.
I came here yesterday.
She cried all night.
Make good use of this opportunity.
Bon voyage!
Dad isn't home.
I was born in Osaka, but I grew up in Tokyo.
Let me introduce you to my parents.
I still don't write Chinese well.
I don't know what to do.
We have to abandon the plan.
She doesn't have any enemies at all.
We bought this car for 12,000.
There's no success without perseverance.
The hare was overtaken by the tortoise.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
When in Rome, do as the Romans.
Excuse me.
Nowadays, equal pay is not enough, household responsibilities must also be distributed evenly.
Love is blind.
I don't like spring.
But I don't have money.
But I have no money.
I love dancing.
I do not understand.
I don't understand.
Do you speak French?
French is her native language.
Does your dog bite?
The earth is smaller than the sun.
Karin is Austrian.
I have many friends.
I have many friends.
My home is in the outskirts of that city.
Do you speak English?
This photo was taken in Nara.
He is still green in business.
Out of the 6 members, a third are women.
How come you're able to speak this language?
Mt. Fuji is Japan's tallest mountain.
I am very happy to see you.
This is a book worth reading.
All these books are mine.
He has a big family.
He refused to shake hands with me.
I'll go shopping tomorrow.
She has become a postwoman.
He is driving at top speed.
His story was pretty simple.
Every morning, while he is eating his breakfast, his dog looks at him.
I have a problem urinating.
This bottle is able to contain two liters of hot water.
He came back from China.
He returned from China.
No other mountain in the world is as tall as Mt. Everest.
Almost no one believes her.
Very many people know him.
Why did you cry?
This place has a mysterious atmosphere to it.
Her grade in English was very good.
This is a good newspaper, isn't it?
She has no enemies.
That white parasol is hers.
No problem.
Are you sure about this?
The shop closed at 5.
I don't really like him, in fact, I hate him.
Water is made up of oxygen and hydrogen.
I have never read such a scary novel.
Iron is a useful metal.
I‘m ironing my handkerchiefs.
In my sandwich there is meat, cheese and tomatoes.
He'd prefer not to eat that.
I need to go home.
I must go home.
I'll stay at home tomorrow.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll stay at home.
He's lazy.
I think Tom is good.
I don't wash my hair in the morning.
Due to the water shortage, all the flowers in the garden have died.
John's two years older than me.
John is two years older than me.
John is two years older than I am.
I can't leave home, even if only for a while.
He was discovered unconscious on the floor of the kitchen.
Can I have a look at your newspaper?
I hope I won't still be ill next week.
I'm sorry, you seem to have misdialed the phone.
You should make good use of this opportunity.
The customer and the salesman spoke for two hours on the phone.
Mr. Meier thought the Neumann family was away on vacation.
Put down your weapons.
There is a library in every city in America.
Good luck!
Good question!
A good question.
You should behave carefully.
I have a toothache.
Nobody will know.
What a beautiful day!
That house is the place where I was born.
I can't speak English as well as he can.
Let me help you with your luggage.
But a man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
The boughs that bear most hang lowest.
Isn't that annoying?
A garden planted with pine trees.
Japanese eat three meals a day.
Who was the telephone invented by?
Fight fire with fire.
Taste the flavour of success.
Once bitten, twice shy.
Don't judge people from the way they look.
Don't judge a man from the way he looks.
Tom is still in the hospital.
I was out of words to say.
Gotta go.
I should go.
I must be on my way.
How old are you?
How old are you?
What's your age?
How old are you?
How old are you?
How old are you?
I had a cup of coffee at the cafe.
It wasn't until after visiting Australia that I realized Japan was so small.
I forgot his name.
I've forgotten his name.
How do you say this word?
He asked me whether I like math.
Reading books is interesting.
He is my brother, not my father.
My dad keeps a journal every day.
His salary rose 10%.
I feel that someone tapped my shoulder.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go to the picnic.
There's a telephone in my room.
All the villagers went into the mountains to look for a missing cat.
I haven't seen her in a long time.
We are now at Tokyo station.
Can I speak with the teacher?
May I speak with the teacher?
She likes taking pictures.
Whenever the boss is around, he plays at being busy.
Whenever the boss is around, he pretends to be busy.
He attended the meeting as the company representative.
I was so excited that I couldn't fall asleep.
What did you say?
There were only six people at the meeting.
Is my answer correct?
The two answers are both correct.
This is a grammatically correct sentence.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
Most important of all a clock has to be accurate.
Happy birthday!
We are a couple.
He's feeling really low.
The only person who is tired of waiting for Miss Cobb.
Some people read the newspaper and watch TV at the same time.
He loves to fish.
The plane was three hours late due to bad weather.
He's very smart, and he's handsome too.
That doesn't make sense.
It makes no sense at all.
He lives alone.
He's an excellent tennis player.
I trust Ken.
He doesn't know any one of us.
He doesn't know any of us.
He took care of the business after his father's death.
It's raining.
He is afraid of Father.
He's afraid of his father.
She opened the window, even though I told her not to.
I have some time, but never very much...
Your project needs a large amount of money.
What's your name?
Could you speak more slowly?
Necessity knows no law.
What did you eat for breakfast?
I don't ever want to see you again.
He doesn't need to get up early.
I just opened the lid, and a foul smell filled my nose.
Spanish is her mother tongue.
First come, first serve.
I'm a new student.
You're a new student?
Let me do that.
The weather suddenly got warmer.
Please move back.
He spent the evening reading.
Are you dead?
What did you say? Dead?
I love her so much I could die.
He died when he was 54 years old.
She died when she was 54 years old.
She died at the age of 54.
He died at the age of 54.
You're all cowards.
You're all chickenshits.
You don't have to worry about her anymore.
The cat is sitting on the table.
I'm sitting on the sofa.
When happiness comes knocking at your door.
Knock on the door of happiness.
Knock before entering the bathroom.
Please wash your hands after using the bathroom.
Christmas is approaching.
The new year drew closer.
The enemy won't get close.
We can't get close to the enemy.
What is this?
What's this?
What's this?
My surname is Zhou.
I am delighted to have met you today.
May I ask your name?
Who is he?
I'm Shanghainese.
Her tears have already told me what has happened.
May I ask where you work?
She is a particularily interesting person.
He is in a relationship with a foreign student.
Oil and water don't mix.
We've had lots of typhoons this fall.
Don't make the same mistake again.
Signing off, gonna take a shower.
Break for bath & food, back in about 40 minutes!
I can't hand Nagisa over to such a weak man.
Don't worry. I'll do it.
There aren't enough people!
Unable to sense the situation.
Love is never without jealousy.
Whether you agree or not, I’m going to do it.
It's the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches, in numbers this nation has never seen. By people who waited three hours and four hours, many for the first time in their lives, because they believed that this time must be different, that their voices could be that difference.
It's the answer spoken by young and old, rich and poor, Democrat and Republican, black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, disabled and not disabled. Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been just a collection of individuals or a collection of red states and blue states. We are, and always will be, the United States of America.
It's the answer that led those who've been told for so long, by so many, to be cynical and fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve, to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.
It's the answer that led those who've been told for so long, by so many, to be cynical and fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve, to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.
It's been a long time coming; but tonight, because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to America.
A little bit earlier this evening, I received an extraordinarily gracious call from Senator McCain. Senator McCain fought long and hard in this campaign. And he's fought even longer and harder for the country that he loves. He has endured sacrifices for America that most of us cannot begin to imagine. We are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader.
I congratulate him, I congratulate Governor Palin for all that they've achieved. And I look forward to working with them to renew this nation's promise in the months ahead.
Sasha and Malia! I love you both more than you can imagine. And you have earned the new puppy that's coming with us to the White House.
And while she's no longer with us, I know my grandmother's watching, along with the family that made me who I am. I miss them tonight. I know that my debt to them is beyond measure. To my sister Maya, my sister Alma, all my other brothers and sisters, thank you so much for all the support that you've given me. I'm grateful to them.
To my chief strategist, David Axelrod, who's been a partner with me every step of the way. To the best campaign team ever assembled in the history of politics! You made this happen, and I am forever grateful for what you've sacrificed to get it done.
I was never the likeliest candidate for this office. We didn't start with much money or many endorsements. Our campaign was not hatched in the halls of Washington. It began in the backyards of Des Moines, and the living rooms of Concord, and the front porches of Charleston. It was built by working men and women who dug into what little savings they had to give $5 and $10 and $20 to the cause.
It drew strength from the young people who rejected the myth of their generation's apathy, who left their homes and their families for jobs that offered little pay and less sleep.
And I know you didn't do this just to win an election. And I know you didn't do it for me. You did it because you understand the enormity of the task that lies ahead. For even as we celebrate tonight, we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime: two wars, a planet in peril, the worst financial crisis in a century.
Even as we stand here tonight, we know there are brave Americans waking up in the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan, to risk their lives for us.
There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after the children fall asleep and wonder how they'll make the mortgage, or pay their doctor's bills, or save enough for their child's college education.
The road ahead will be long. Our climb will be steep. We may not get there in one year or even in one term. But, America, I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we WILL get there.
There will be setbacks and false starts. There are many who won't agree with every decision or policy I make as president. And we know the government can't solve every problem.
But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face. I will listen to you, especially when we disagree. And above all, I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation, the only way it's been done in America for 221 years; block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.
What began 21 months ago in the depths of winter cannot end on this autumn night. This victory alone is not the change we seek. It is only the chance for us to make that change. And that cannot happen if we go back to the way things were. It can't happen without you, without a new spirit of service, a new spirit of sacrifice. So let us summon a new spirit of patriotism, of responsibility, where each of us resolves to pitch in and work harder and look after not only ourselves but each other.
Let us remember that if this financial crisis taught us anything, it's that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street while Main Street suffers.
In this country, we rise or fall as one nation, as one people. Let's resist the temptation to fall back on the same partisanship and pettiness and immaturity that has poisoned our politics for so long.
Let's remember that it was a man from this state who first carried the banner of the Republican Party to the White House, a party founded on the values of self-reliance and individual liberty and national unity. Those are values that we all share. And while the Democratic Party has won a great victory tonight, we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress.
As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours, we are not enemies but friends. Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection.
And to those Americans whose support I have yet to earn, I may not have won your vote tonight, but I hear your voices. I need your help. And I will be your president, too.
And all those watching tonight from beyond our shores, from parliaments and palaces, to those who are huddled around radios in the forgotten corners of the world, our stories are singular, but our destiny is shared, and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand.
To those who would tear the world down: we will defeat you.
To those who seek peace and security. We support you. And to all those who have wondered if America's beacon still burns as bright, tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth, but from the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity and unyielding hope.
That's the true genius of America; that America can change. Our Union can be perfected. What we've already achieved gives us hope for what we can and must achieve tomorrow.
This election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations. But one that's on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta. She's a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election, except for one thing: Ann Nixon Cooper is 106 years old.
She was born just a generation past slavery. A time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky, when someone like her couldn't vote for two reasons: because she was a woman, and because of the color of her skin.
And tonight, I think about all that she's seen throughout her century in America. The heartache and the hope, the struggle and the progress. The times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes, we can.
At a time when women's voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed, she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach for the ballot. Yes, we can.
When there was despair in the dust bowl and depression across the land, she saw a nation conquer fear itself with a New Deal, new jobs, a new sense of common purpose. Yes, we can.
When the bombs fell on our harbor and tyranny threatened the world, she was there to witness a generation rise to greatness, and a democracy was saved. Yes, we can.
She was there for the buses in Montgomery, the hoses in Birmingham, a bridge in Selma, and a preacher from Atlanta who told a people that "We Shall Overcome." Yes, we can.
A man touched down on the moon. A wall came down in Berlin. A world was connected by our own science and imagination.
And this year, in this election, she touched her finger to a screen, and cast her vote; because after 106 years in America, through the best of times and the darkest of hours, she knows how America can change.
Yes, we can.
America, we have come so far. We have seen so much. But there is so much more to do. So tonight, let us ask ourselves, if our children should live to see the next century, if my daughters should be so lucky to live as long as Ann Nixon Cooper, what change will they see? What progress will we have made?
This is our chance to answer that call. This is our moment. This is our time, to put our people back to work and open doors of opportunity for our kids; to restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace; to reclaim the American dream and reaffirm that fundamental truth, that out of many, we are one; that while we breathe, we hope. And where we are met with cynicism and doubt and those who tell us that we can't, we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people.
Thank you. God bless you. And may God bless the United States of America.
For how long are you in Shanghai?
Look, this is my business card.
Great!
Great!
I'm worried for you.
I'm worried about you.
He is in college.
What is Ken doing now?
You may well not remember, but I'll never forget it.
As for me, there is nothing more I want to say.
I never lie.
She is poor, but happy.
I have been to Paris.
Come in.
Come in.
Come in.
Come in.
Can you change the room for me?
Come in!
Please come in!
Come on in.
She's wearing a black hat.
You can't park your car here.
He tossed the ball towards the wall.
I haven't got a clue as to why he quit so suddenly.
She said she will go to Paris in August.
Everything was delicious!
It's all delicious!
This pen is mine.
My wife asked me to throw this old hat away.
It's Monday today.
Today is Monday.
Don't be late to school tomorrow.
I vowed that I would never speak to her again.
He has dubbed in "Avatar".
Don't lie to me!
Don't try to trick me!
Don't cheat me!
She didn't answer.
We've been married for 30 years.
The professor grinned.
The professor smiled a little.
The professor smiled slightly.
I saw him three years ago.
I vowed that I would never speak to her again.
Tomorrow is Christmas.
He is British.
Boil chestnuts for at least 15 minutes.
This is a free newspaper.
He reads the newspaper every morning.
Where is the newspaper?
My room is a mess.
My hovercraft is full of eels.
My hovercraft is full of eels.
I will keep you warm.
What's the weather like in New York?
Can you please tell me where the nearest public telephone is?
Please look at that red-roofed house.
I'll pay you back once I receive my salary.
A teacher's salary is lower than a lawyer's.
He has ample experience.
I don't know.
There was an earthquake yesterday.
You're right.
You're so beautiful!
Happy to see you.
What exactly are you doing?
She is known as the Japanese Picasso.
The keys are on the table.
The key is on the table.
He's able to speak Japanese.
Art for art's sake.
I didn't know she was ill.
Thankfully she did not die.
They only sell women's shoes here.
That shop sells newspapers and magazines.
Don't forget to bring a camera.
Don't forget to take a camera.
It seems that I've lost my keys.
Follow your sister's example.
We still have a lot of time.
He earns twice as much as me.
Nobody can control us.
I eat noodles.
I eat noodles.
The conference will take place in Tokyo.
Today's low was 3 degrees.
Judy looked at me.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
I'm 18 years old.
I am 18 years old.
Where is your father?
Where's your father?
How about your father?
Where's your father?
The summit of Mt. Fuji was covered in snow.
His request is very reasonable.
I usually sleep at nine.
I like walking alone.
I don't have any money.
I don't have any money.
The bus was ten minutes late.
An old man sat next to me on the bus.
Foreign people are amusing.
Do you want to get married first or have a child first?
Our football team defeated all the other teams in the city.
When I heard the news, I wanted to cry.
I take a bath every day.
Birds have wings.
I'm sorry, I love you.
I'm sorry, I love you.
Your school is so kind to reimburse you for the return airfare.
If you know the answer to this question, please tell me.
While all horses are animals, not all animals are horses.
Good medicine is bitter.
Let me introduce myself.
The weather forecast said tonight it will rain.
The weather will be good tonight for sure.
He is a law student.
I am yet older than he is.
In comparison to him, I am still older.
He can't be trusted.
I went home to change clothes.
You look worn out.
Would you like to eat a roll for lunch?
Would you like to eat a bun for lunch?
Would you like some bread for lunch?
Which one of these boys is Masao?
Please wait a moment.
I feel like I am being forced to help her.
The workers are complaining that their hours have been increased.
Overcome weakness.
It was like a bolt out of the blue.
Who is that person?
Who is this person?
I don't like him.
What is your impression of America?
They are all innocent children.
They are all innocent children.
I like cats.
I forgot to ask him.
I forgot to ask him.
He took it literally.
She is rarely late.
I am very tired after a class.
It seems that Mr Tanaka has passed the exam.
Let's decide by coin toss.
Who are you?
Who are you?
In winter I wear an overcoat.
Don't worry, everything will be OK.
I would love to write hundreds of sentences on Tatoeba, but I've got things to do.
How was the universe formed?
The movie called "Paranormal Activity" was not that much good.
No matter how you say it, I'm not going to listen to you.
Nobody is perfect.
Nobody is perfect.
Children need a lot of sleep.
Be careful driving or you'll have problems.
Drive carefully, or you'll run into trouble.
Many foreigners also come to Japan to learn Japanese.
It's really easy for me to speak Japanese.
Today I finally worked up the bravery to say to her "I love you!"
Every Friday night they went and drank.
You only have to try hard.
Strictly speaking, the tomato is a fruit.
The baby started crying.
With regards to culture, you could say they're like barbarians.
See you later!
I'm stuffed!
It's been raining all the time recently.
Happy New Year!
Happy New Year!
We should sit down.
Achoo!
Has anybody here been to Hawaii?
Have you seen that thick book?
I play the violin.
Tonight we are planning to go to the concert.
He leaves for China tomorrow.
He's leaving for China tomorrow.
I like jogging.
I like running.
He's a good man.
You'd better leave at once.
What does this mean?
This handbag is mine.
He came just after you left.
I am certainly entitled to speak like this.
When you speak Shanghainese with your mum, I only understand a few words, so I can't join in the conversation.
That house is much better than his house.
I don't dare ask the boss to borrow the car.
I was disappointed.
Your uncle gives your aunt a haircut.
I'm afraid that there isn't any coffee left.
Mary paid five dollars for her lunch.
He wiped the sweat from his face.
Stories like Cinderella can be found in China, Japan and in every land of the world.
I'm really hungry!
This is a dog resembling a horse.
I'm having some problems compiling this software.
Linux is a free operating system; you should try it.
Some of my classmates are pure noobs; they know nothing about computing sciences.
I often use SSH to access my computers remotely.
Most developers hate debugging; it's more fun to create bugs than to correct them.
If you ironed Switzerland, it would be bigger than Germany.
We're all liable to make mistakes.
Do I need surgery?
I am a vegetarian.
I am a vegetarian.
I am vegan.
He has long hair.
Who touched my gun?
I often use SSH to remotely connect to my computer.
I think we'd better wait for another thirty minutes.
I came, I saw, I conquered.
Life is a long, long road.
The world is a small village.
You are my friend.
This is not true.
He raised his hand.
I love Arabic.
What do you like to eat?
Where are you from?
Where are you from?
Where are you from?
Where are you from?
Where is your house?
Where is your house?
Where is your house?
Where do you live?
Where do you live?
Where do you live?
They are my brothers.
They are both in the room.
How many pens do you have?
I saw five men.
I have ten pens.
I have ten pens.
Are you a teacher or a student?
It's your turn.
He is ill.
He is sick.
I have been to Rome.
It's not that easy to learn a new language after fifty.
Give me the key to this castle!
I need more time to finish my homework.
The lights are out.
I'm hungry, so I'm going to get something to eat.
What do you want to eat?
What? I can't hear you.
"What time is it?" "It's 3:20."
I can't do two things at once.
You can swim, but I can't.
Do you need this book?
How have you been recently?
What did you talk about?
Anyway, if you want to do it, then you should do it.
They showed the scene in slow motion.
The floor must be kept clean.
Please don't enter the room without knocking.
Are you serious?
Really?
Too bad.
Too bad.
Christmas approached.
Shall we eat this Pocky from both ends?
Despite being fascinated with English, many Japanese don't even try to study it.
Collective responsibility means irresponsibility.
Collective responsibility means irresponsibility.
Let's take a look.
How are you?
How are you?
How are you?
How are you?
I can love.
Hello!
Hello!
Compared to before, it's already improved greatly.
You can't say no.
Defenestrate your clock to see how time flies.
We're prepared for the worst.
I'll explain to you how to use it when I come back.
This school was founded in 1650.
I'm a nice guy.
I'm a good person.
I am afraid of dogs.
I am afraid of dogs.
He lives in Tokyo.
Perfect!
The radio is broken.
Sorry to trouble you.
Goodbye! When you have more time, come back and play!
So I'll come see you off.
I need a little help from you.
I have been to Paris.
I'm too ashamed.
Thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you!
Will you let me have a go?
No prob.
No problem.
Stay for a while.
No problem.
It doesn't matter!
Do you want to go?
My name is Wang Jiaming.
She is Li Ying.
He comes from Hangzhou.
I've been here for a while.
Can you speak Shanghainese?
I understand it a little, but I can't speak it.
What's your blood type?
Who is this person?
Previously people believed the earth was flat.
This knife is not sharp enough.
He rarely eats with his family.
She gets up at seven.
How much was your new computer?
He overslept this morning.
After searching and asking around, they still couldn't find a suitable place.
She really hates this kind of thinking.
She really hates this way of thinking.
Thanks for the invite.
This verb is normally used only in the third person.
It is getting warmer and warmer.
I'm good at math.
I'm good at mathematics.
What is new?
I feel hungry.
I am okay.
It is their only choice.
They are watching what's happening closely.
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
I do not understand.
I don't understand.
I don't understand.
I am honored to be in the timeless city of Cairo, and to be hosted by two remarkable institutions. For over a thousand years, Al-Azhar has stood as a beacon of Islamic learning, and for over a century, Cairo University has been a source of Egypt's advancement.
We were founded upon the ideal that all are created equal, and we have shed blood and struggled for centuries to give meaning to those words – within our borders, and around the world.
The notice in the park said "Keep off the grass".
My travel fees to Japan are paid for by the university.
Do you speak English?
The scenery at this mountain is very beautiful.
Clean the room.
I have a question.
He is in hospital.
I have a dog.
My sister often cries.
Where is the telephone book?
Good question!
Hackers find new ways of infiltrating private or public networks.
My name is Andrea.
It snows.
Is it true?
That name is Ken.
I'm hungry!
I am hungry.
I'm hungry.
We're all tired.
When will you return home?
It's twenty past six.
Latin is a dead language.
They can fish.
Sorry to trouble you.
Sorry to trouble you.
I'm an atheist.
I'll call you my boss.
While I'm at the dance, my mother will take care of the baby.
He is Li Ying.
I don't understand what you're trying to say.
What the hell is this?
What's this?
What is that?
I don't understand what you're trying to say.
Cheers!
He is tall and handsome.
He studies French and web design.
When man and woman unite, work is no longer as tiring.
Neither he nor she wants to do the dishes, and so the two of them decided to eat out.
Sometimes I walk to work, and sometimes I ride my bike, because I live very close to work.
While he was waiting for the train, he listened to music and sent text messages.
They eat melon seeds while they play cards.
I called you, on the one hand to invite you out to eat, and on the other to tell you my son is going to get married.
On the one hand I called you to invite you to dinner, on the other to tell you my son is getting married.
She talked a lot.
I am either going to see a film, or going to see an opera.
I am either going to watch a movie, or chat with my friends.
She is angry, and still tired.
If you didn't eat the cake I made, then your sister did.
The cake I made was not eaten by you, it was eaten by your sister.
It was not you who ate the cake I made, it was your sister.
This isn't Mandarin, it's Shanghainese.
I'd rather die than see you cry.
It's better than drinking cola, though it's not as good as drinking champagne.
I know nothing about this project.
We walk along the lakeside.
We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
She can speak Spanish.
Are you hungry?
So sorry to keep you waiting so long.
The leaves slowly fell.
Not only can he speak Mandarin, but Shanghainese as well.
Not only did you not eat with me, you went to have dinner with another girl!
You're beautiful and intelligent, how is it possible that no man is chasing after you?
I plan to watch a game at the baseball field the day after tomorrow.
I have a memory like a goldfish.
They are going forwards and I am always going backwards.
Although I have been studying Chinese for 2 years, there are still a lot of words I do not know.
Even though I really want to know his name, I don't have enough courage, and I'm afraid to go ask.
Despite the fact that he has only just started learning Chinese, he already knows lots of characters.
Her parents are very beautiful, but she looks ordinary.
If you learn Chinese well, you can go study in China.
Only if you come will she come to my birthday party.
It doesn't matter whether you have money or not. I love you just the same.
This dog runs fast.
It's not a joke.
He's crazy about you.
If you have free time tomorrow, we could eat lunch together.
Even if no one goes with me, I still want to see this movie.
I don't want to be selfish.
This bird can't fly.
This is definitely the best way.
It's very cold here.
Was there a book on the desk a moment ago?
Why doesn't he come back?
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
Have you eaten yet?
Have you eaten yet?
Have you eaten yet?
He read the letter she mailed to him over and over again, but still did not understand it.
Due to the large amounts of snow over the last few days, school has been cancelled.
I'm so tired that I'm going to bed as soon as I get home.
He thought she spoke reasonably, so he accepted her suggestion.
I have seen a star today.
She was tricked yet again.
My brother is 11 years old today.
When I was 10, my brother left our home.
She is not the victim.
She will easily make it up to you.
This morning, I was very lazy and didn't go out.
Dad's always encouraging him.
I don't want to celebrate my birthday.
I am going to leave tomorrow.
I am going to a distant place, you don't want to ask where.
Whenever I hear this song, I think of his smile.
You are happy, and we are also happy.
Where's the entrance to the museum?
He is my friend. Do you guys know him?
I play the piano.
Rong Rong's mother doesn't seem to be a good mother.
He needs money.
I am four months younger than you.
I have waited for you for a long time!
You are to come here at 9 o'clock tomorrow.
I still need to go to Pudong at 12:30.
There is still 20 minutes left; that is plenty of time.
Excuse me, what time is it?
Excuse me, who is this woman?
We don't know him.
This is Mr. Smith.
I'm sorry that I made you wait for so long today.
Finish your homework faster, so that we can play video games.
Today I'm working a little late so as to avoid a rush in the morning.
The Chinese government controlled the internet to prevent the people from knowing the truth of the Tiananmen Square Massacre.
Don't talk rubbish.
I want a cup of tea.
She finally fell asleep.
Next year I will return to Macao.
She is just an ordinary girl.
Don't be too strict. They're just kids.
He has three daughters.
There's still plenty that needs to be done.
There's still much to do.
There's still a lot to be done.
There are still a lot of things that have to be done.
There are still a lot of things to do.
There's still a lot to do.
There's a lot left to be done.
In the distance I hear the sound of softly murmuring roads.
I have to leave you.
I don't remember your name.
Never use a cannon to kill a fly.
I couldn't stand looking at it.
Today is the 25th July.
What day is it today?
How many days are you going to be visiting your hometown?
Was last month November?
What month is this?
Yesterday it rained all day.
Will the weather be good tomorrow?
It will snow tomorrow.
The sky will probably turn clear in the afternoon.
I've already been here two hours.
You're so beautiful!
Welcome!
That's not standard English pronunciation.
"He went out to see a movie." "How was the movie?" "Good."
Do we care?
Is it really all over?
Actually I wanted to be a damsel in a tower guarded by seven dragons, and then a prince on a white horse would chop off the dragons' heads and liberate me.
His speech won the immediate applause of the audience.
May the force be with you.
May the force be with you.
Do you like music?
This city is cold and lonely without you.
This city is cold and lonely without you.
How come he didn't show up?
We have three airplanes.
You might be right.
It doesn't matter whether the cat is black or white as long as it catches mice.
Be it black or white, a cat that catches mice is a good cat!
A cat came out from under the desk.
Let's start the party.
I wonder if she'll recognize me after all these years.
You have three cats.
This data isn't accurate at all.
The moon is already out.
He was drunk and forgot to shut the back door.
Can you tell silver and tin apart?
Whose house is across from yours?
Are you related to the Nagashimas?
The house is burning.
Let's begin.
Let's start!
He swims better than I do.
He's accustomed to traveling.
That program is now being broadcast.
I forgot to telephone him today.
Generally, women live 10 years longer than men.
I have a high fever.
He left the house without saying goodbye.
We have time to spare.
What are your weekend plans?
What're your plans for the weekend?
John is in the swimming club.
What he likes is jelly.
He's out taking a walk.
Grace goes upstairs to the extension telephone.
Mr. Grey didn't enjoy his work.
Grace looked angry.
Graham Greene is a favorite author of mine.
Please wrap it like a Christmas present.
Christmas is soon, right?
Christmas is soon, isn't it?
Christmas is soon.
Christmas is just two weeks from now.
Christmas is December 25th.
Christmas is coming.
Christmas is coming soon.
Have a good Christmas.
How many people are there in your family?
This is the house where she used to live.
Fresh fruit is good for your health.
He's picky about suits and ties.
He came back from China.
As far as the teacher was concerned, she was a joy to teach.
For the teacher, teaching her was fun.
I don't know her.
I can't take his behaviour.
I saw it in the newspaper.
He is a recent convert to Catholicism.
He regained consciousness three hours after the accident.
That man grabbed the young girl's wrist.
The man robbed her bag.
The boy is wearing glasses.
She came here as soon as she heard it.
She kept me waiting for 30 minutes.
She kept me waiting for 30 minutes.
She kept me waiting for half an hour.
She made me wait for half an hour.
She slapped his face.
I'm happy, 'cause I'm learning some Dutch.
How to say XXX in Dutch?
I need to take a shower.
I've heard that Mary wants a divorce.
May I borrow your car?
He said that he wanted some money.
She's popular, not because she's beautiful, but because she's kind to everyone.
She went for a walk.
She might be taller than you.
Does she have a piano?
She usually gets up early.
Did she come here to relax?
Can she endure a long trip?
She'll almost certainly pass the test.
I hear that she's a famous actress.
It's said that she's a well-known actress.
It might have been Miss Satoh who sent these flowers.
These flowers can be seen around Hokkaido.
These flowers are beautiful, aren't they?
These flowers have a unique smell.
Mariko speaks English well.
Mariko is good at speaking English.
She made him a new suit.
She helped him overcome his sadness.
There are no comments yet.
She thought that he was wasting electricity.
She hired him as a programmer.
She employed him as a programmer.
I'm not used to hard work.
She hated him.
She disliked him.
She didn't like him.
She hated her husband.
She didn't like her husband.
She disliked her husband.
Bill doesn't like the fact that his father smokes a lot.
Bill hates that his father smokes heavily.
She handed him the key.
She saddled him with the work.
She assigned him to the job.
She assigned the work to him.
She laid the work on him.
She walked around looking for him.
She began to like him right away.
She liked him right off.
I fell in love with her the moment I met her.
She doesn't care how she dresses.
She wore a beautiful dress.
She testified that she saw the man.
She has no sense of beauty.
She has an eye for beauty.
How are you doing today?
I am very happy, because I am currently learning a little bit of Dutch.
The teacher recommended that I read Shakespeare.
She was tired, but she kept working.
She kept on working.
She kept working.
He was tired, but he kept working.
He worked from morning till night.
He continued working all day.
I have a high temperature.
Of course she passed the test.
I'll always remember your kindness.
She always looked happy, but never was.
She always studies while listening to music.
She answered my letter right away.
She answered in tears.
She was crying as she answered.
She turned eighty-one.
She is now eighty-one years old.
She called me many times.
She complained about my low salary.
She complained that my salary was low.
She talked as she walked.
She really wants to lose weight.
She was accepted to Harvard.
She was accepted by Harvard.
She was dressed in wool.
The fat woman was holding a monkey.
She was promoted.
She was in a hurry.
Kate was forced to read the book.
She was very happy with my gift.
She was appointed chairperson.
She spent all afternoon cooking.
She was busy with household work.
She was busy with housework.
She was run over by a car.
She was hit by a car.
The dog was hit by a car.
She was almost hit by a car.
He was almost hit by a car.
I was almost hit by a car.
The old man was almost hit by a car.
Of course she can speak English.
She can speak English, of course.
She didn't feel like eating lunch.
She felt like taking a walk.
She was wearing pumps.
She caught colds often.
She was susceptible to colds.
Short skirts are already out of fashion.
Short skirts are already out of fashion.
She left here right away.
She went to the museum by cab.
She went to the museum by taxi.
She went to the Takasu clinic.
Let's go to a movie.
She cried when she heard the news.
She wept bitterly.
She cried bitterly.
She cried bitterly.
She cried as she read the letter.
She squeezed the juice from many oranges.
She squeezed the juice from many oranges.
Keiko, do you have any buttered toast?
I've never seen him wearing jeans.
I hope that Mary passes the examination.
She may come.
She may come.
She might come.
In my opinion, she is correct.
In my opinion, he is correct.
I've not heard that she will come.
I can understand what she is saying.
Mary came in.
Her red dress made her stand out.
Wearing a suit, he stood out.
He lied to us.
He lied to us.
He told us a lie.
He likes watching TV.
He likes watching baseball games on TV.
He enjoys watching baseball games on TV.
What she bought there was a camera.
As soon as she opened the door, a cat ran out.
As soon as the bell rang the teacher came into the classroom.
As soon as she heard the bell ring, she answered the telephone.
She opened the letter quickly.
It's true that she's dead.
It's obvious that she's sick.
Green suits Alice.
Green looks good on Alice.
I saw Shin'ichi in Kakogawa yesterday.
There are only five minutes left till the train leaves and she hasn't appeared.
She isn't at home now.
They asked Kate to babysit their child.
We are men.
We are boys.
Certainly she is correct.
I'm sure that she's correct.
She's correct for sure.
What's she doing?
Who cares when she gets married?
Who cares when she gets married?
She took the entrance exam yesterday.
He was admitted without taking the exam.
She quit smoking.
She may realize later what I meant.
She left here in a hurry.
He can read well.
He can read.
He can read well enough.
This is a wooden table.
Beijing is the capital of China.
Is this lady a saleswoman?
No, he's our business manager.
Yes, he's our manager.
Yes, she's our manager.
What are these people doing?
I don't really know.
Shanghai summers can reach temperatures of up to 38-9 degrees. That is extremely hot!
Why has it been getting hotter and hotter these last two days?
They attained their goal.
Finally, he attained his goal.
Finally, he reached his goal.
Finally, he achieved his goal.
Compared to his brother, he's not so wise.
Even though he was poor, he was happy.
Just joshing.
The police are checking their bags.
He was surprised to see him.
Very few people live to be 100.
He isn't an American.
Where are you going?
He got angry.
We need an ambulance.
It was raining when we left; it was sunny when we arrived.
Turn right at the intersection.
Victory attained by violence is tantamount to a defeat, for it is momentary.
We've already prepared for the millennium bug.
Fucking hell, what idiot dare phone me in the middle of the night?
How do you make your money?
French is too hard, I don't want to learn it.
Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue.
When it comes to love, women are experts and men eternal novices.
Love is the miracle of civilization.
People are most angry when they feel they are being mocked. That's why those who are confident in themselves seldom become angry.
People are most angry when they feel they are being mocked. That's why those who are confident in themselves seldom become angry.
Since I was sick, I didn't go to school.
It's better.
My little brother and I are the same height.
How was your trip?
Perhaps he missed the train.
Love is more powerful than death.
He can't come because he's ill.
We are at school together.
The Lockheed scandal is a worldwide corruption scandal involving the major American plane manufacturer Lockheed. It came to light in February 1976 and revolved mainly around the acceptance of passenger plane contracts.
Silvio Berlusconi is an Italian politician, the current Prime Minister of Italy, as well as a successful entrepreneur.
Ken has two cats.
Don't be shy.
I will never see him again.
Can you tell me your address?
Can you show me the way please?
It's at the third home in the second row of houses.
Excuse me, where is 52 south river street?
Go straight down the road, and when you pass the traffic light you're there.
So which way is it to the People's Park?
You can get there by crossing the street at the second intersection.
It's not far from here to there.
Turn here to get on the subway.
Note that the maximum doesn't always exist.
Love is giving something one doesn't have.
Don't believe what she says.
These are cakes that she baked herself.
I don't like her face.
He loves traveling.
He loves taking trips.
It's by smithing that one becomes a blacksmith.
Nobody knows where he has escaped to.
Nobody knows where he has gone.
Everyone is here except for him.
I won't let him come here again.
Why did you come here?
He's three years older than me.
I couldn't understand his joke.
I didn't get his joke.
I don't know and neither does he.
I don't know what day he'll come.
That way is very far, so we took a taxi.
Pardon me, what place is this?
Excuse me, is Xinqiao Restaurant far from here?
Can you sketch it for me on this piece of paper please?
Excuse me, is there a toilet nearby?
This is a DVD.
Don't believe him.
You can't judge a person based on clothing.
A prudent bird chooses its tree. A wise servant chooses his master.
Good day, how are you?
Pierre has a lot of pirated software on his computer.
The ball is that boy's prized possession.
Life's a ruin without you.
Don't sugar your tea.
You should return what you borrow.
Borrow and return, then you can borrow again. Borrow and don't return, and then the borrowing gets difficult.
I beg you, give me a visa.
Finally!
When Vin Diesel does pushups, he's not pushing himself up - he's pushing the Earth down.
Much better to be woken by the birds than by an alarm.
I know everything.
I know everything.
Does objective history exist?
If you smile, I'll be happy.
I think, therefore I am.
It doesn't matter which, just pick three books.
So what do we do now?
I finished the homework, and want to go to bed, but now it's time to go to school again...
I am glad to meet you.
Please.
He has no chance of succeeding.
How was the French class?
A guest should not try to make himself superior to the host.
A true German can't stand the French, yet willingly he drinks their wines.
He is the richest man in town.
I think you will find it convenient to put a short-cut on the desktop.
Insatiably greedy.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
I'm not the least bit scared of you.
At this language centre, about 15 international languages are taught, including English.
With North Korea's announcement on the 26th of its nuclear development plan based upon the agreement stemming from the Six Party Talks, and the United States' commencement of procedures to remove North Korea from its designation on the list of State Sponsors of Terrorism, the families of abductees have expressed growing unease that it may constitute an abandonment of the abductee issue.
You have no fever.
My father often reads the newspaper during meals.
He said that it would probably rain.
He's a hopeless case.
Don't worry.
If by any chance I'm late, please don't wait for me.
I didn't know that he was there.
He will come soon.
According to the newspaper, he committed suicide.
This is the house where he lives.
This is the house where he lived.
That won't work!
Summer is over.
It's just there on the sofa.
In its home country, France, Tatoeba became a social and cultural phenomenon.
I didn't have the courage to tell her the truth.
I'm in love with her.
He loves her.
It's said that she loves him.
Does it sound like I'm in love?
She became a true friend of mine.
I made her angry.
I bought her a watch.
I'm counting how many people there are.
I love you more than I love her.
China is much bigger than Japan.
I plan to break up with her.
I won't see her again.
It's no good trying to persuade her.
I'll never see her again.
There's water in Ashland, too.
Answer the following questions in English.
In the morning I always wake up around seven o'clock.
What's the matter?
I told her that you're a nice girl.
He works at a scientific institute where linguists, literature scholars, historians, sociologists, economists, and other scholars investigate everything that has to do with gnomes.
Every year, the organisation organises a number of meetings of volunteers who go door-to-door to sell Frisian books.
The red dress looked good on her.
The red dress suited her.
That red dress looks good on her.
That red dress suited her.
Heroes always arrive late.
Cheap meat doesn't make good soup.
I'm going to the Number Four hospital.
Her parents can't help worrying about her injuries.
I asked her out on a date.
That's a great poem.
I can't stand him.
I couldn't agree with his opinion.
Switzerland needs better apples.
I bought a VCR at that store for a low price.
I know that boy who is running.
I know those women.
I know those girls.
Which is more important, economic development or environmental protection?
I like that singer a lot.
You'd better see a doctor.
I was disappointed in him.
No one knows if he loves her or not.
You yourself should know.
We're leaving early tomorrow morning.
I'm tired; I think I'm going to go to bed.
I don't have an excuse.
I think he's happy.
It's obvious that he lied.
Let's go drink a cup of coffee at that coffee shop over there.
Show me an example.
Bill often doesn't keep his promises.
She has very nice-looking handwriting.
She has very nice-looking handwriting.
She has beautiful handwriting.
She has beautiful handwriting.
She writes beautifully.
She writes beautifully.
Could you call me back later?
The castle is beautiful.
Okay.
Today, I was supposed to study at the library but I woke up around 12 o'clock.
His face turned pale.
His face turned pale.
I believe the actions that he took were right.
I borrowed this comic from his sister.
I think it's better for us to adopt his plan.
I didn't know about your plan.
I was very impressed by his story.
Mathematics is his best subject.
Mathematics is his best subject.
It's only leaves and branches.
I phoned my son before boarding the plane, telling him to come to the airport to pick me up.
Yesterday I had a high fever.
The performers danced whilst singing - they performed extremely well.
With both song and dance, the performers put on an excellent show.
You can't park here.
You can't park here.
Although he did well in the exam, his spoken Chinese is not necessarily as good as yours.
We hurried to the train station.
Unfortunately, by the time we got there the train had been gone for fifteen minutes.
Have you decided whether you are going into town by bike or by bus?
I've been feeling poorly for the last couple of days.
In addition to a blocked nose, I'm also suffering from a high temperature.
She wept all the night.
Everyone says the food in this restaurant is both delicious and inexpensive.
We tried it out yesterday; as expected, it was really good.
You can't get in without your key anyway, so you may as well come to have supper with us.
Don't worry.
In 2009, I had graduated from high school but I still hadn't started university.
I want to submerge myself in the ocean depths, and to disappear there so as to never be seen again.
In my opinion this kind of work is both uninteresting and difficult, but I don't have any other way to earn money.
The inverse of a non-square matrix is a dangerous thing.
I didn't sleep well last night.
Although Jane had one suitcase less than me, she still said she had too much to carry.
Because of heavy snow, the plane from Beijing arrived 20 minutes late.
If you are going to the library this afternoon, would you please return two books for me whilst you are there?
Are there any aspects of Shanghai that are not as good as those of Beijing?
Her hat looked very funny.
We weren't at home yesterday.
Have you made a decision?
Battery is low!
I don't know her, nor do I want to.
It is necessary to take some exercise every day.
I haven't forgotten.
This is a sentence.
I'm used to it.
Drop by drop, the water can conglomerate into a lake.
You may go.
The door of the office is yellow.
It's the thought that counts.
You don't seem to understand their good intentions.
To tell you the truth, I've been scolded by my mom.
I fell in love with her at first sight.
Would you please close that window?
It's not an issue if he argues with his wife, but he shouldn't hit her.
Is this book the one he always uses?
No, I am always using it.
That CD is my son's.
There's someone at the doorway.
Somebody's at the door.
There are only books on the bookshelf.
There's a convenience store diagonally across the street.
Do you have this new book?
Do you have two computers?
Don't you have two computers?
Do you have two computers?
This computer is yours, isn't it?
Have you a receipt?
And now?
I'm an engineer.
Gambling site lets users bet on which species will go extinct because of the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
I am tired.
I am very tired.
That's not a knife. THIS is a knife.
That boy is smart.
That boy is intelligent.
Recently I attended the wedding of a Chinese friend. The bride and groom had been classmates at university, and both graduated from the Chinese faculty. They've already been together for five years.
The groom works for a company now, and the bride is our teacher.
In class she's our teacher; after class she's our friend, and a good friend too.
When they heard that their teacher was going to get married, everyone wanted to attend her wedding.
We'd still never been to a Chinese person's wedding.
We asked our teacher: "Can we come to your wedding?"
Our teacher said: "Of course you can."
The teacher said: "Of course."
Our teacher also said that her wedding wouldn't be the same as other people's; we asked how it would be different, but she didn't say.
All she said was that we would know when the time came.
On the day of the wedding, we arrived at our teacher's house.
There were many guests - most of them were our teacher's classmates and friends.
We asked our teacher: "Where will the wedding be held?"
The teacher said: "Let's set off right now."
The teacher and her partner took the people attending the wedding to a park.
This park is pretty big; it has a lot of trees and many flowers.
The teacher said to everyone: "Our wedding is starting now."
As everyone knows, today is a very significant day for us.
Every time I hear that song, I think of my high school days.
In order to make us and everyone else remember this day, I ask everyone to plant a tree with us.
Everyone listened and was very happy, thinking this wedding was both original and meaningful.
About a dozen trees had soon been planted.
Just then, the workers in the park brought over some small playing cards.
Underneath we wrote the names of the students in our class.
The mountain path was under a blanket of leaves, soft and easy to walk on.
I need to configure this server with an appropriate firewall system.
It was already twelve when he reached home.
When he came and found me, his whole body reeked of alcohol.
I have never believed him.
It's not far from here to there.
Where there is grass, there is no water. Where there is water, there is no grass.
I just got up.
I just woke up.
I'm just kidding.
That house is mine.
I don't have any money in my pockets.
Get lost!
I do my homework after school.
I'm three years younger than he is.
I hope I can get my wish fulfilled.
Caesar is not above grammarians.
She's violent right now. It'd be better to avoid her.
Spiders like to build spiderwebs.
Hello, world!
I still have to buy your book.
I was surprised at his strong resemblance to his father.
Because we love you, we are updating Tatoeba to bring you a better user experience. See? We love you huh?
When are you going home?
I came from China.
Sometimes I go, sometimes I don't.
Can I use a credit card?
It's October the third.
It's October the third.
The students receive a 15,000 euro scholarship for their return trip and daily expenses.
“The Satanic Verses” by Salman Rushdie is a real masterpiece of modern literature.
She likes Russian pop.
Life is not convex.
I often have nightmares.
I am translating.
I love Korean food.
You ought to listen to your mother.
I think he won't come.
I want to go to Lviv...
Are you alone?
There are cats on Mars, too.
He keeps his word.
My blood pressure is low.
I am married.
He takes the initiative in helping his mother do the housework.
He lost face.
I remember his face but I can't remember his name.
Is there any chance that he'll resign?
Is there any chance that he'll recover?
Did he draw this picture by himself?
That incident made him famous.
That affair made him famous.
The news of his death spread.
The news of his death spread around.
Have they ever come on time?
We soon caught up with them.
What do you want to drink?
I want a cup of iced-tea.
I want a cup of cold black tea.
What would you like to eat?
What would you like to eat?
What would you like to eat?
I don't know why they are fighting.
I don't know anything about their relationship.
Just a little more.
I don't know anything about their plan.
I'm surprised that you don't know about their marriage.
Which one do you prefer?
Which one do you like better?
I also don't want one.
I would like to have a discussion with Mr. Zhang and Mr. Li.
The two of them are two busy now; they can't talk to you.
Send that newspaper to him.
Did you bring cash or your credit card with you?
He left me with tons of hard work to do.
He dropped a bunch of hard tasks on me.
He foisted a bunch of hard work on me.
I couldn't remember their names.
We sometimes see them.
We sometimes meet them.
We tried to compromise with them.
Are you planning to help them?
This morning, I saw an angel.
In that case, let's go.
Some people are good, some people are bad.
You should go too!
First we'll eat, and then we'll go.
Clean the dust off the shelf.
The glass round table was smashed.
The glass from a round table has been smashed.
The table legs were put on well by him.
Hang your clothes out to dry!
Am I good at singing?
Look at these two photographs - which one is better?
"Those letters are all the wrong way around!" "No, it's supposed to be like that, it's Russian."
Is that thing yours?
It isn't easy to write a love letter in English.
It's mine, not his.
Speaking in English is fun.
It's fun to speak in English.
It's difficult to speak English well.
It's hard to speak English well.
Do you know this thing?
Speaking English isn't easy.
Don't you know how?
Speaking English isn't easy, but it's fun.
Mastering English is difficult.
It's just that I admire you.
For years he has been at the market every Tuesday morning with his fish stall.
Does this letter have to be written in English?
Don't quit English.
You shouldn't quit English.
I went, too.
There's all kinds of people in the world.
The policeman arrested the burglar.
The police officer arrested the burglar.
The police officers arrested the burglar.
The policemen arrested the burglar.
English is third period.
If you came, that would be great.
You might not find it.
If you have time, let's go shopping.
Concerning this matter... I really don’t know.
Baristas need to make a sitcom.
My dream is to go to Japan.
The graduation from elementary school to middle school is regarded by some as the first step towards adulthood.
He is very handsome.
I am really tired of living.
He's curious about everything.
Must I clean the room?
Two times two is four.
You have to wait in line.
For me, this is not a problem.
My brother is an idiot.
Grammar is a very complex thing.
She and I are the same age.
I'm as old as he is.
She ignored me even when she met me on the street.
He pretended not to hear me.
He pretended not to hear me.
He pretended not to hear his boss.
She pretended not to hear him yesterday.
I remember that man's name very well.
Why did you come here so early?
What kind of meal did you eat?
What did you do yesterday evening?
What did you do over the weekend?
Why did you do that?
What did you do with my luggage?
What did you do last night?
What did you do last night?
Not only did I eat pilaf, but I also ate kebabs.
What are you doing at school this afternoon?
I bought a pen like yours yesterday.
I know that he can draw.
I hit him in the belly.
I wonder if they'll get divorced.
In China, there is a large number of characters, so the goal of the character simplification was to replace the complex traditional characters with easy to remember simplified characters and increase the literacy rate.
I envied his new house.
When will you come back?
Cornered prey is the most dangerous kind.
Is there a gas station near here?
When you're hungry, anything tastes good.
It tastes really good.
My father made me a delicious lunch.
The monkey fell from the tree.
We saw monkeys at the zoo.
Isn't this weather just great!
Great weather, isn't it?
This really is great weather.
A beautiful sunset, isn't it?
The sky was clear when I left home.
Yes, it's such a nice evening.
You have cute eyes.
A growing child who doesn't seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention.
Concerning this issue, I feel that the trash media only report biased information.
The world is full of incompetent doctors.
The turkeys in my grandfather's farm are very noisy, I can't wait for them to get eaten.
Don't pay any attention to what your father says.
You don't have a fever.
He is giving his whole attention to that.
He tried to concentrate on the letter.
She teaches us French.
Do you think the weather will be fine tomorrow?
What do we eat tonight?
Excessive drinking is one of the causes of impotence.
Why are you feigning innocence!
Have love for your classmates! Have love for your parents! Have love for your country!
If you don't watch out, you'll soon fall in the water.
How's life?
Please eat something.
That's a real person.
He got a better score than us.
I hope that John comes.
I hope that John will come.
In our time, there were many students who passed the graduation exam without studying.
I like to eat watermelon.
The wind sounds scary, like screaming ghosts.
I met Meg in Kyoto last week.
I'm only reading the scraps on news on the Internet, but, well, I get the general picture.
Much ado about nothing.
You can't prove that.
I like going to watch baseball.
The door opened and a man came out.
She wore a red cheongsam.
Many friends came to see me off.
Many friends saw him off.
She looks better than before.
Your words made him feel much better.
I can't understand his feelings.
I don't like men like him.
I don't know anything about his past.
I couldn't find his house.
I hear that his father is in another country.
Do you understand me?
The airport is over there.
Please speak slowly.
Please speak slowly.
Do you understand?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Is that the railroad station?
But the coffee's not good.
But the coffee's not good.
Everybody knows that.
Which tooth hurts?
Where do you have pain?
Where is the pain?
I'm sorry that you are leaving here.
A close neighbor is better than a distant relative.
His plan is dangerous!
I think his opinion is very important.
I thought his opinion was relevant.
I was terribly confused by his question.
I was awfully confused by his question.
I was offended by his behavior.
I wonder what happened to him.
I wonder what happened to his sister.
I was surprised by his perseverance.
He agrees with my opinion.
I agree with his opinion.
I agree with that opinion.
I'm tired of him bawling me out.
I'm tired of listening to his boasts.
I wonder if I should answer his letter.
I could hardly hear him.
I slapped his face.
I'm behind him.
I'll scold him.
Should I buy something for him?
I asked him for a favor.
I can't do anything but obey him.
I don't think I'll ever meet him.
I warned him not to be late.
I expect a lot from him.
We expect a lot from him.
I've never met him.
China is much bigger than Japan.
But your function isn't Lipschitz continuous!
I can barely stand his behavior.
I can't stand his arrogance.
I can't put up with his arrogance.
I couldn't understand his ideas.
What happened on the bus?
I was mistaken in thinking that he was a trustworthy man.
How did you do that?
I was really moved by this.
I already have an envelope.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together.
After all, even the gods may err at times.
3 cubed is 27.
I've heard nothing.
All things considered, I think you should go back home and take care of your parents.
I'm hungry!
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Do you understand what I'm saying?
When I was a child, I used to swim in that pond.
As a matter of fact, I haven't eaten anything since this morning.
He answered my question with a "no."
The man who was smoking said, "He doesn't come here any more."
"Let's go," he said to me.
At last, she gave in to him and told him the secret.
She asked him for help.
She asked me for help.
He asked his friends for help.
"Almaty" means "The Father of Apples" in many Turkic languages.
Both of them are in the room.
No one is working. Everyone's watching the World Cup.
What is happiness?
What is happiness?
There is a metro in Kazan.
He came to Japan when he was a child.
South Africa is far away.
Because he's sick, he can't come.
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
She intended to become an actress.
She aspired to become an actress.
Commentators have variously described the sound of vuvuzelas as "annoying" and "satanic" and compared it with "a stampede of noisy elephants", "a deafening swarm of locusts", "a goat on the way to slaughter", "a giant hive full of very angry bees", and "a duck on speed".
Everybody loves the vuvuzelas!
Thank you very much for your gift.
He announced that he would come at once and investigate the matter.
Bill got up early in order to catch the first train.
Bill got up early so he could catch the first train.
Jeff searched for three months before he found a job.
Close your eyes.
I made a doll for Ann.
She was only frightened, not injured.
Don't throw out this magazine. I haven't read it yet.
Close the door.
There's no one more deaf than he who does not want to listen.
Ghulja has very many kinds of apples.
You shouldn't go.
Oh boy...
I'm going there alone.
Do you plan to go overseas?
I'm outta here.
Are you at home?
I came, didn't I?
What do you plan to do?
Don't make trouble.
Don't you play tennis?
You like it, don't you?
You can do it, can't you?
You may use this car.
You shouldn't wait here.
I am Teochew.
May I use your pencil?
Who doesn't love a rebel?
The rumor turned out to be true.
You should see a doctor.
She slowly lost hope.
The conference will end tomorrow.
The meeting will end tomorrow.
That man who is looking at you, do you know him?
He's eating an apple.
She's eating an apple.
They're eating apples.
We're eating apples.
The skin of nectarines is slippery.
Please show me your driver's license.
May I see your driver's license?
You'll use the computer for studying, and not for playing games.
Please say hello to Mrs. Andreescu!
I saw John at the library.
I had never heard about Lviv before.
Since you're going to the supermarket, buy some eggs while you're there.
The more you eat Kuqa's apricots, the more of them you'll want to eat.
The figs of Atush are sweet and juicy.
I'm very happy to see you.
I'm delighted to see you.
He will be a good doctor.
Soccer is my favorite sport.
What's the climate there like?
Do you smoke?
In looking through the mist, I caught a glimpse of my future.
When a friend comes from afar, is that not delightful?
How can I get to the train station?
Tom is good at cooking.
Tom is taller than I am.
Tom is older than I am.
Tom is a good person.
Tom is a good person.
Tom is my friend.
Which team are you a fan of?
I left the door open.
He doesn't know how to swim.
All men play baseball.
Send me a letter when you arrive.
He has only read 10 pages so far, I've already read 60.
It is already nine o'clock.
A stitch in time saves nine.
A stitch in time saves nine.
Let’s go now. Otherwise, we'll be late.
If you won ten million dollars in a lottery, what would you do with that money?
And then?
What else?
You must leave.
Do you commute to school by bus?
I need to get some stamps.
Father, What were you just doing?
I don't have a cat.
I love my work very much.
If you can sing, that's good enough.
According to the weather report, the rainy season will start next week.
She's almost the same height as you.
The situation in Kyrgyzstan is a real mess.
In real combat, you must not forget that hesitation is a very dangerous thing.
I missed you.
Do you often travel abroad?
Do you often travel abroad?
Do you often travel abroad?
Open your heart.
This coffee is too hot for me to drink.
"We need to help Kyrgyzstan," said Putin to Hu Jintao... in my dream.
If you meet the Orleanu sisters, invite them to Ruxandra's birthday. And don't forget their brother.
Which is more complete, the first edition or the second?
I'm not sure who I should give this present to, the girl or the boy?
This year we offer the same language course as last year.
Our friend finished the race in second place.
My wife is a native of Ürümqi.
We have two kids.
We have two children.
I'm the only one who doesn't know Uyghur.
I'm the only one who knows them.
Nobody knows the truth.
Black suits you.
How can I get in touch with you?
I'm tired of living this kind of life.
I had no choice but to stay in bed all day.
I have to stay in bed all day.
All you can do is wait.
Where are they going to right now?
Where are they going to right now?
My wife is cooking right now.
We have to pull the weeds.
What's your name?
What's your name?
The man you saw yesterday was my uncle.
Even superheroes need an occasional break.
Unfortunately, she is absent.
Is there anybody in the house?
He knows how to swim.
I don't know when he came back from France.
There are a few shops next to my house.
How long do you plan on staying here?
He is very influential in the world of medicine.
He answered his parents back.
He responded to his parents.
Stones don't swim.
A writer is somebody for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people.
We'll buy one car for each.
Do you have something that you want to say to me?
One of the students didn't come today.
Please say ‘yes’!
What's the date today?
God willing...
Afrikaners are the people originated in South Africa.
Everybody gets a second chance.
Constant effort yields sure success.
The chance is gone.
It's too bad that you couldn't come.
Do you have something to say to me?
You don't have any money.
Don't you have any money?
I'd be happy to help you.
"Hello, who is this?"
Relying on strength alone cannot guarantee victory.
I don't like your girlfriend.
Tomorrow is Sunday.
Good luck on the exam!
I don't understand what you are saying.
I don't understand what you are saying.
I don't understand what you are saying.
I don't understand what you are saying.
We plan to climb that mountain.
If you hear hoofbeats, don't look for zebras.
I haven't seen him since then.
I want to learn Chinese next year.
I want to learn Chinese next year.
It is because light travels faster than sound that some people look brilliant before sounding stupid.
It is because light travels faster than sound that some people look brilliant before sounding stupid.
I am the best.
I'm the best.
It's raining.
(I've) been very busy recently.
When I hear this song, I think of you, and miss you.
Do you want to know my secret? It's very simple...
Do you want to know my secret? It's very simple...
Do you want to know my secret? It's very simple...
I have no intention of asking him.
We didn't intend to attack him.
I don't meet him so often.
Once, Zhuangzi dreamed he was a butterfly, but when he woke up, he wasn't sure whether he was Zhuangzi who had dreamed being a butterfly or if he was a butterfly now dreaming he was Zhuangzi.
She is beautiful.
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.
A great warrior radiates strength. He doesn't have to fight to the death.
It’s a quarter past eight.
Yesterday's board meeting was a big success.
Yesterday's board meeting was a big success.
All three of us are students.
Maybe, maybe not...
Do you have any drinks?
She likes oranges.
She likes oranges.
I have a stupid question.
Does she like oranges?
May I eat this orange?
She goes to night school.
They always skip school.
They skip school all the time.
They dropped out of school.
Hey guys, please be quiet.
Don't stand near me.
Shake my hand.
We've arrived.
Well, let's get going!
Well, let's go.
Wait a moment.
Hey you! Please wait.
What an idiot I am!
I've been wanting to see you.
You really are lucky, aren't you?
You really are rude, aren't you?
You really are tall, aren't you?
I really am unlucky!
I continued singing.
I continued singing.
I sympathize with you.
This is all I know.
I am hungry because I did not eat breakfast.
That's my favorite chair.
That's the chair that I really like.
I like you.
I like you.
You and I have the same idea.
I'm walking with her.
Do what you think is best.
Do as you please.
Don't touch my camera.
This coat fits you perfectly.
Those are my pants.
Am I wrong?
We need your help.
He'll be done soon.
What do you do for a living?
What's your occupation?
When can we eat, I wonder.
A little nap and, just like that, I'm as fresh as a daisy.
A little nap and, just like that, I'm as fresh as a daisy.
It's exactly as you say it is.
You've been deceived.
Where are my watches?
It's for you to decide.
A man can live and be healthy without killing animals for food; therefore, if he eats meat, he participates in taking animal life merely for the sake of his appetite. And to act so is immoral.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Kentucky screams "fuck".
A great Empire, like a great Cake, is most easily diminished at the Edges.
The other team took us lightly.
He really wants to meet you.
I can't remember his name.
I know your older brother quite well.
I like this color, too.
If you can use gravity to your advantage, do so.
Either you go, or I go.
In case I can't come, I'll give you a call beforehand.
Oh right, I have something tomorrow.
I went there many times.
I'll pay.
Please tell me what I should do.
What do you eat for breakfast?
Where in Canada are you from?
What part of Canada are you from?
What part of Canada are you from?
You should go in person.
You don't need to hurry.
You might be late for school.
You didn't need to take a taxi.
Can you swim as fast as he can?
He's not as tall as you are.
Why were you there?
I asked her to wait a moment.
I missed the last train.
I won't talk to him anymore.
I want this camera.
Do you drink?
Early bird gets the worm.
You're right.
You're right.
I had two cars.
When we are very sad, we will cry.
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
In adolescence, I hated life and was continually on the verge of suicide, from which, however, I was restrained by the desire to know more mathematics.
In France did you work at the embassy or in the consulate?
When you go to Romania, you will visit Dracula's Castle.
I know the history of Europe very well.
I would like to drink a coffee.
I visited Dan.
I see Dan.
He borrowed one hundred bucks from me.
I was a student at that time.
The pigeons of Boston are fat and proud.
Are there dogs that eat raw fish?
When you go abroad, it is useful to learn at least some polite phrases in the local language.
A dog does not eat a dog.
Far from eye far from heart.
I always rely on him in times of trouble.
We suspect it's about a poisoning by snake bite.
When watching TV, please ensure that the room is brightly lit and watch from a distance.
Man is born free; and everywhere he is in chains.
Nature never deceives us; it is always we who deceive ourselves.
She has beautiful eyes.
An old man was resting in the shade of the tree.
He must be the principal.
Even with all his wealth and fame, he's unhappy.
The weak are food for the strong.
These shoes are too small.
Are you married?
This is my father's.
He became famous.
Ann doesn't have any sisters.
Ann doesn't have a sister.
The class begins at 8:30.
Ann likes chocolate very much.
Ann loves chocolate.
Ann loves chocolate more than anything.
Where have you come from?
No problem!
It's OK.
Come home.
This is my mother.
Good evening, how are you?
What's this?
What's this?
What's this?
This medicine will help you.
I live in this neighborhood.
I live near here.
My father bought a new car.
Learning how to swim is very simple.
He asked me questions similar to those asked by many others.
Please put your shoes on.
I can't see anything.
How about some chocolate cheese?
I'm sure that he'll get angry.
Playing cards is very interesting.
Teaching ESL is usually a gig for losers and boozers.
When the chickens are flat as pancakes, then again the tractor must have been faster than them.
When the full moon falls down on the roof at night, all the farmers are woken up.
I'm not a woman hater; and if I were, I would make an exception for you.
When the heater in the barn fails, you get milk-flavoured ice cubes.
When the cow flies high and the ox flies low, there probably is a twister.
When we come to die, we shall be alone. From all our worldly possessions we shall be about to part. Worldly friends — the friends drawn to us by our position, our wealth, or our social qualities, — will leave us as we enter the dark valley. From those bound to us by stronger ties — our kindred, our loved ones, children, brothers, sisters, and from those not less dear to us who have been made our friends because they and we are the friends of the same Saviour, — from them also we must part. Yet not all will leave us. There is One who "sticketh closer than a brother" — One who having loved His own which are in the world loves them to the end.
I've a yen for adventures.
I believe this type of medicine will help your illness.
Even with all his money, he's unhappy.
Did you buy her something for Christmas?
I often used to play tennis with him on Sundays.
It seems obvious that he is sick.
Who are the idiots who said that teachers should push for larger amounts of homework, seeing as the students don't work enough?
It was a quiet winter evening.
Even though she grew up in Japan, she speaks fluent English.
The number of muffins that you'll receive will be inversely proportional to the number of times you talk on IRC.
Do you think that chest hair is sexy?
What's radical today may be cliché tomorrow.
I don't know anything about him, other than his name.
He wrote a letter.
Do you speak French?
I don't wear glasses anymore.
No one was late.
The test result showed how much he had studied.
Is it splendid, this world?
Rock, paper, scissors.
Rock, paper, scissors.
This castle is beautiful.
Please sit down.
Please sit down.
We live close to the school.
We live in the vicinity of the school.
The woman observes and the man thinks.
French people don't think of anything as impossible.
I'm afraid it won't work.
I think it won't succeed.
Trang's party was like a wake.
He called me a taxi.
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
The world which I saw in my dream was a peaceful world devoid of war.
You can study, no matter your age.
What do I have to do now that I'm registered?
Help yourself and God will help you.
I can probably give you seven minutes.
Do you like tennis?
When happiness comes knocking at your door.
How did you reply?
It's quiet in the suburbs...
Long time, no see.
Long time, no see.
It's been a long time.
I haven't seen you for a while.
I haven't seen you for ages.
Wow! It's been a long time.
I haven't seen you in ages.
I caused him a lot of trouble.
I made a doll for Ann.
These shoes are hers.
I couldn't understand anything that he said.
There's no such thing as a perfect sentence. Just as there's no such thing as perfect despair.
It's not immoral for a novelist to tell lies. In fact, the bigger the lies, the better lies, and the more the common folks and critics will praise you.
Today's mission: milk tea with mochi.
My eyes hurt.
My eyes hurt.
I have a sore throat.
What do I think, you say ... well then, I'll give you my candid opinion.
Don't worry! Even if I drink, it doesn't have an effect on my driving.
Even children can read this book.
He got 90% in English.
Riding double on a bicycle is dangerous.
You idiot!
Two people can enter with this ticket.
Minnesota's state bird is the mosquito.
I was pretty hungry when I got home.
When are you going to get married?
There's no one in the room.
I don't think he'll come.
Today was fun.
"Age?" "16."
"How old are you?" "I'm sixteen."
She used to be a teacher.
I have a lot of homework.
That meat is chicken.
I'll try harder next time.
I've finished reading that book.
I continued working.
I returned the book to the library.
The security level, as established by the Department of Homeland Security, is orange.
I have to study for the test.
I want to breathe some fresh air.
What'll you be doing over the weekend?
I enjoy eating hot soup.
I don't like movies.
She doesn't need to work.
Running is good for your health.
That furniture is my mother's.
I'll return at 6:30.
My leg was bitten by that dog.
She was often late for school.
Hello, are you Mr Ogawa?
I've put on weight recently.
You should wear a coat.
Please wait a little while longer.
Is it okay if I take a break?
Wouldn't you like to eat?
Wouldn't you like to eat?
Wouldn't you like to eat?
Emet, we need more meat!
Do you have vegetarian pilaf?
I would like something to drink.
We only have tea.
There's a fly in the noodle broth.
We only make Uighur food.
How many kebabs will you have?
How many kebabs will you have?
How many kebabs will you have?
Those fated to meet will do so regardless of distance. Those not fated will not, even if they are across from one another.
When do you usually get off work?
When do you usually get off work?
When do you usually get off work?
What time does your office let you go home?
We have five kinds of kebab.
A plate of pilaf with some kebabs is heaven on earth.
Do you approve of what he is doing?
I certainly agree.
Did you eventually respond?
I don't really know.
I'm not really sure.
I'm not quite sure.
Are you willing to go to the beach?
I may not object to him going.
Why aren't you even moving at all?
Go a little faster!
What's the rush!?
How come you're so slow?!
Why do you go about being cross at people?
You are a disappointing person!
I'm really sorry!
Open the door a bit!
Come with me!
Wait for me, wait a second!
Here, this is for you!
Go! Everybody can start to go!
I don't have enough time, hurry up!
Queue up properly, no queue jumping!
Don't speak nonsense!
I get up at six every day.
I'm getting dressed right after I eat breakfast.
I'm running a little short on time, so I can only go out and buy flat bread and bread sticks.
I could eat some beef noodle soup, or some reheated rice with soybean paste like that, no problem.
At around 12pm, we go to the dining area of our unit for lunch.
What are you doing right now?
I'm using the computer.
What has your friend been doing recently?
He's always trading.
The weather is getting colder day by day.
He is slowly catching up.
I'm not waiting for anyone.
I was busily typing for the whole morning.
What were you doing when I called you yesterday?
Look guys, the window and even the kitchen door have both been left open!
There were some graphic novels mixed into the pile of specialty books on the desk.
It's still early. We should all just chill for a bit.
Swill the teapot out with water.
We've got to wait for them to finish playing - there's still a while to go!
Have you eaten?
I haven't eaten yet.
I haven't exercised in a long time.
Have you eaten a piece of raw fish?
I ate it once two years ago.
I have already waited for half an hour.
After today, I want to send the manuscript to a publishing house.
It will soon be daybreak and I have to leave.
When considering the party, what kind of clothes are you going to wear?
Can I go out today wearing this shirt that has a little bit of red?
Perhaps he would not celebrate Chinese New Year again.
We'll most likely go, but we'll decide once we see what the weather is like.
The suits in this row are all made of imported European fabric.
This color is a bit darker than that one.
See how much more carefully made these are compared to those?
There is no difference between this row of clothes and the one next to it.
This tie has a more vibrant color and goes better with this suit.
Sir and Miss, what type of jewellery are you looking to buy?
There are also lots of counters over there.
Look, it's so pretty!
I think it's too expensive; besides, it doesn't even look that good...
Do you want dry cleaning or regular wash?
Dry clean it.
It's good now; neither too heavy nor too light.
Welcome. Now that many people have arrived, please take a seat and wait for a while.
Where's your date tonight?
Today, chicken feathers are quite cheap!
It's not even a little bit cheap, it's extremely expensive!
Take a good look, it's really fresh!
Potatoes are very cheap.
How much for half a kilo?
4.5 yuan for one pound, now isn't that cheap!
Fine!
It's my treat today.
Wait just a little bit, will be done immediately!
You smell it. Do five spice tea eggs smell good?
Shanghai has everything under the sun when it comes to food.
What is the size of this district's greenery area ?
For example, if I want to get downtown what bus should I take?
Is this community safe? Are there lighting installations for the night?
The rental should be somewhat close to where I work.
Great! Is the apartment bought as a concrete shell, or is it ready to move into?
Miss, are there any available rooms for tonight?
Yes, there are. How many of you are there, Sir?
This is a three-star hotel; three hundred dollars a night.
We want to stay for three nights.
Good. Can you make long distance calls from the room?
You can only make local calls from the room; you can go to the front desk to call long-distance.
By the way, may I ask when in the evening your restaurant opens?
Does this car go to Jingan temple?
I missed my stop. What should I do?
What's the next station?
There are still two stops left.
Stop the car here.
How long would a train from Shanghai to Zhengzhou take?
Does this train stop at Kunshan station?
Do you smoke?
Do you want to eat noodles or rice? Do you want to drink fruit juice or coffee?
We still don't have a box.
Excuse me, when was the mailbox last opened?
It's five o' clock. If you quickly post your letter, it still might make it in time.
I'm sorry, without an I.D. you cannot receive a remittance.
Sir, I would like to deposit my money. How do I do that?
So, how's the card used?
Excuse me, I'd like to exchange US dollars for RMB - can I get RMB here?
Please sign here.
I'm going to call my daughter.
This is an automated payphone; you use it by inserting a coin.
Tell him to call me tomorrow at noon.
Sorry, you have the wrong number.
Hey, could you send over the stack of manuscripts straight away?
OK, what kind of place do you live at?
Please give me the exact address.
A small European shop opened inside, the mood is great!
How much does this cost?
How much is this thing?
The price is 20.5 yuan.
That's so expensive! Can't you get it cheaper?
Which of these two do you think is better?
It's kind of in vogue, but the price is too much!
It's sort of fashionable, but the price is too high!
Can the price be discounted?
This is your change.
Hey, how much does one pound of these oranges cost?
If I buy more, can I get them cheaper?
Alright! Ten yuan buys five kilos, OK?
Well, take it.
What tea do you drink? Is lemon tea okay?
Mr. Wang, what kind of business are you engaged in?
I've troubled you!
I know you can come!
If I don't come, who will?
No need to say anything more. How about we go to Zhouzhuang?
I just found out that he's sick, so I'll visit him later.
Your body was always very healthy; why are you suddenly in the hospital?
This time, when he went into the hospital, he finally understood that one's health is really the most important thing of all.
Could you get a hammer for me from the kitchen please?
Help me send out these two letters, all right?
One of the lights is not working. Do you think you could come take a look?
Thank you for helping me. Please turn off the light, I want to go to sleep.
Next week I have things to do except on Monday and Wednesday, I am free on all the other days though.
Because I don't have to go to work today and tomorrow, so I will use the opportunity to quickly finish moving it.
Please get here with the ambulance quickly. Hurry up!
So how many places have you been to in the afternoon?
His upper body looks like it has the shape of an inverted triangle; standing there, he seems extremely handsome!
Xiaolin's eyebrows are thick, his eyes are big, and his eyelashes are long.
Kobayashi's eyebrows are thick, his eyes are big, and his eyelashes are long.
Look at him. He looks like an idiot but he's also very cute.
She dresses so outrageously; it looks completely ridiculous!
Yesterday, I went to the doctor to see if I was ill.
Is it my turn?
My chest hurts a bit, so I am not going to eat.
The pain is here, right? That's a stomach ache.
How many days have you been in pain? Since when have you had the stomach illness?
It's ached before, but never as badly as right now.
Feel a little nauseous, but unable to puke.
These medicines should be taken three times a day.
Already retired, but often get asked by them to consult.
His salary is high, and the hours are pretty good, too.
I like to do oil painting, but I don't intend to make that my lifelong occupation.
Even if I don't get a high salary, I'm not willing to quit this way of making a living.
Even though it's busy today, this bit of work must be finished before leaving.
Because your business can play to my strengths.
Do you think that you are qualified for that aspect of the work?
I can translate between Chinese and English, and can participate in negotiations with foreigners.
Look at this table; it has been written out clearly.
What kind of job are you looking for?
Either as a waiter at a restaurant or a bartender, both are OK.
Can you speak Mandarin?
Are you able to speak Mandarin?
Sure I can, although I can't really speak Shanghainese.
Zailaiba Bar is hiring waiters; are you interested?
Please fill out this form and wait for us to notify you.
Do not talk nonsense, My job is very boring!
I'm bored and I have nothing to do.
It still isn't time to leave work, and everyone wants to escape.
I don't like going out to have fun. Usually, I make my own coffee at home, and have a game of chess with a friend.
He seems very interested in musical theatre and the like, and he also seems quite adept.
I have two tickets to the baths, do you want to come with me today?
However, these days everyone has a bathtub. Isn't it pretty simple to take a bath?
Between friends, to have a heart-to-heart is really rejuvenating.
You really are an idiot. You're so stupid!
When I sing Karaoke, I sing everything from oldies from my childhood to the latest hits.
If I have time and enough money, I'd want to go traveling in Europe.
Have a pleasant trip.
I don't want to go in the car. I would rather walk.
River Suzhou is Shanghai's "mother river"; twisting and turning, it stretches across and flows through the city center.
You need to hand in a few photos, fill in a form, and get a visa.
Some Shanghainese hold large banquets when they get married.
Because families in Shanghai today have only one son or daughter, the head of the family places a strong emphasis on their childs studying.
The raising of children is something that concerns the entire community. There will be an education reform.
Shanghai is so prosperous; notably it was after the port was opened for trade one hundred and sixty years ago that things started to change.
People from Shanghai speak Shanghainese; they can also speak Mandarin.
One must be respectful when speaking, and not say obscene things.
When the light is green, cars turning must yield to pedestrians.
Native Chinese people are working alongside foreigners to change the culture of Shanghai.
Everyone loves that place.
Let's eat a watermelon!
I can come tomorrow.
They helped each other with homework.
In America, the consumption of fast-food has tripled between 1977 and 1995.
All of these meetings are in English.
Though I may be in the jaws of death, I am as a firm as a rock.
Though I am in the tiger's mouth, I am as calm as Mount Tai.
Liu Bei and Zhuge Liang are an unbeatable team.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
I've paid parking fines a number of times myself.
Please inform me of the plan ahead of time.
No, thanks.
"What happened to your nose?" "When I was backing my car up I went to check behind me, convinced that the car window was open, and bashed my face into it!"
I can't stand that noise.
I can't do any more than this.
I can't do any more than this.
I can't stand that kind of politician.
I can't understand this at all.
We need to study the cause and effect of the accident closely.
What's the price of this radio?
My eyes are blue.
Chris swung his sword!
Chris gets 7 gold coins!
What kind of food do you have?
We have pilaf, lo mein, and kebabs in our restaurant.
Let me cut the carrots.
Let me cut the carrots.
Can an omnipotent God create a stone so heavy that even He may not lift it?
I don't have money, but I have dreams.
I don't have any money, but I have dreams.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Are you an Uighur?
"My mother's American, and my father is Uighur." "Really?" "No! I was joking!"
There's no beer here.
Let me go to the store.
What should I buy?
Please wait a bit.
It's you I've come for.
I almost stepped on a skunk last night.
They went to the station by car.
They went to the station by car.
You like it?
Do you like it?
Let well alone.
Red and blue - which one do you like?
The Shinano River is longer than any river in Japan.
I don't like Alice.
It was Alister who killed Barbara.
Barbara was killed by Alister.
Chris didn't have a car to drive.
Betty is a serial killer.
I have always kept my promises.
George seems to be a good boy.
Our chef is very busy today.
I'm not an Uighur. I'm a Russian.
Who is taller, Ken or Taro?
Ken lit the candles.
Mary helped her mother cook.
That desk is too small for Meg.
Tom made some mistakes on the test.
If God doesn't exist in our world, then I will create God with my own hands.
He doesn't have any children.
I have two older sisters.
Bill and his younger brother are nothing alike.
She's only two years old, but she can already count to 100.
The train is going at a speed of 50 miles per hour.
I've lost my pen.
What do you want to do while you're here?
Except for me, there wasn't a single person there.
In the summer, we're used to going swimming in the river.
When do you get up?
When you want to say "I promise", if you say "koko ni chikaimasu" you'll sound more like a native.
It takes eight hours to fly from Zurich to Boston, but only six for the return trip.
I can't stand this noise.
It's cold there even in the summer.
I know her.
Kim is dressed very attractively.
Betty came last.
Iceland belonged to Denmark.
Please don't get mad, sir! I'm a new worker!
How do people manage to sleep on the plane?
Are there taxis around here?
What time do you go to work?
What time do you go to work?
If there's a big earthquake, the house could really collapse!
Just as if it were my tail, wherever I go, it goes too.
We often play chess.
Ostriches can't fly.
Ostriches can't fly.
Muiriel is an Indian.
Muiriel is an Indian.
The only time people dislike gossip is when you gossip about them.
The only time people dislike gossip is when you gossip about them.
It was the sort of weird car that made me want to blurt out, "what the heck is that?"
You can come in.
Exactly!
The Netherlands have won the 2010 World Cup.
The tree was ready to fall at any moment.
A job that you don't love is... a job.
Gimme a look-see.
Let me have a look.
I lost a school key when I was cleaning up after the school festival and I was then required to write an apology letter.
Foxes are wild animals.
I took him to the most expensive restaurant on campus.
Never trust a woman with a pistol in hand.
Take me to your leader.
They live in a good environment.
The sky turned dark.
We don't have enough time.
She was confused by the news.
Why did you buy such an expensive dictionary?
Why did you get such a costly dictionary?
I'm afraid of spiders.
Oh, could you please answer the phone for me?
Oh, could you please get the phone for me?
The Chinese people are exceptionally hardworking.
I saw a dirty dog enter the garden.
Our school's principal is very old.
We looked out the window, but we didn't see anything.
There isn't a cloud in the sky.
Despite different languages and cultures, everyone still became friends.
I am an honest person.
I don't know what to say.
An enemy of an enemy is a friend.
Will the police come?
There's no one sitting here.
There's not very many customers today.
I can't find the knife.
Do you want pepper on it?
It's not a bug, it's an undocumented feature.
We can't get close to the enemy.
The soul is the prison of the body.
My children like saccharum.
The food's not ready yet.
Pay attention!
This is a Chinese fan.
Entry is strictly for staff only.
I want to leave this difficult job to her.
No one can stop me from going there.
He's really angry.
He's very angry.
I got a makeup-induced rash.
That was all Greek to me.
Good night!
The doorbell rang.
By the age of 25, she had lived in 5 different countries.
I'm a nomad for life.
He likes finding faults in others.
This is totally worthless.
Do you smoke?
He left his parents when he was eight years old.
Man is the only fire-using animal.
Why don't you have some sushi?
If necessary, I have no objection to paying a special fee.
I refuse to be treated like a child.
I'll let you decide.
AI means Artificial Intelligence.
I remember having seen her somewhere.
How many of you will there be?
This book belongs to Tony.
Let's order twenty kebabs!
Let's order twenty shish kebabs!
I need to go home a little early today.
We need fire.
We have a really good cook.
Madonna is able to sing.
Auckland is a city in New Zealand.
Who's working tonight?
There's a lot of stuff in our lo mein.
Do you eat meat?
Do you eat meat?
There's blood in my urine.
Our pilaf is four yuan.
Where's the cook?
You must have been surprised to find me alone with her yesterday.
I think a film is more interesting than any book.
What time is it?
What time is it?
What time is it?
What time is it?
Nobody can help me.
He returned at six.
He's not stupid.
Here is Japan.
He must be fined if he breaks the law.
When did you meet her?
It was right around here somewhere.
It's fucking hot.
The rat's here! Go call the cat!
The pilaf with meat is eight yuan. The vegetarian pilaf is only four yuan.
Are you new?
In this classroom, it seems that there is no one as tall as Bill.
We had an in-depth discussion about the problem.
He asked me whether I was busy.
Be quiet!
You came alone today?
Our food is cheap.
Our restaurant is near the southern bus station.
Do you have paper?
If you bite me, I'll bite back.
If you bite me, then I'll bite you, too.
He bought me a new dictionary.
Does she play piano?
Was his story true?
Was her story true?
Are you from Urumqi?
Learn Uyghur!
Learn Uyghur!
Over the last hundred years, there have been twenty-seven recorded deaths from spider bites in Australia.
Who's going to clean up tonight?
Give me the spoon.
He has three sons.
You're right. The noodle broth here is a bit expensive.
She is dead.
My little toe hurts.
I'm only thinking of you.
My heart is beating so fast!
This table is clean.
It may not be clean, but you won't get sick from eating it.
She's famous as a singer but not as a poet.
This is Cao Cao's trickery.
Cut the potatoes.
But I don't know how to cook kebabs!
I'm sorry, we're all out of manti.
We're also out of eggs.
Our restaurant is the best.
Will you come back tomorrow?
How many books does he have?
This is the window he broke.
I will be busy tomorrow.
School will start next Monday.
Would you like anything to drink?
You can't have your cake and eat it.
I'm a little taller than you.
The patient lies in bed.
I hear you've got a new girlfriend.
Don't be that worried.
Your problems don't concern me.
We're not afraid of any difficulties.
I was a teacher.
I guess the dog bites.
I doubt that I'm a good writer.
This politician is a typical champagne socialist.
How much does this cost?
My wife asked me to throw this old hat away.
This book is difficult to read as it is written in French.
You still don't have enough experience.
He was too tired to go any further.
Your memory is good.
You've got a great memory.
Your memory is good.
After all, this is a guy that tried to kill my dad at one time.
Seems like I'm the third wheel here. I should go.
Seems like I'm just playing gooseberry here. I should go.
I'm always busy these days.
Why didn't you say so earlier?
It was much worse than we initially thought.
There are so many mistakes in this book that the teacher has dubbed it "The Drunkard's Edition".
You can't have your cake and eat it, too.
Yesterday I met one of the most popular actors in the world.
A punch is just a punch. A kick is just a kick.
God exists.
It's impossible.
I understand.
I got it.
I'll do it.
Hurry up! We'll be late.
I quickly ate lunch.
I ate lunch in a hurry.
Go away.
Go away.
Of course.
Of course.
Of course.
I spend all my free time reading.
Make it smaller.
Could you turn it down?
What're you saying?
Wash your face and hands.
Do you like it?
Don't move.
You understand, don't you?
Excuse me.
This is surprising.
Wonderful!
Come again any time.
What will you use it for?
For what purpose?
It's dangerous!
Go away!
Go away!
It's business.
It's my job.
Get down on the floor!
I'll take care of it.
I think I'm right.
I'll give you five dollars.
This is true.
Please leave right away.
It would be great if that were true.
Who's the boy that's swimming over there?
Yes, I know it.
Say it clearly.
Try it once more.
Try it again.
Please say it once more.
Could you please repeat it once again?
Would you mind saying that once more?
Would you mind saying that once more?
What's the name of this tune?
What's the name of this tune?
I've run out of money.
I have no money.
I don't have any money.
Look behind you.
That's too bad.
That's too bad.
Please allow me to go.
Please let me go.
Please let me go.
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
What I'm saying is true.
I'm telling you the truth.
Answer my questions.
I said that.
I'm hoping that will happen.
I've seen that.
I can't do it either.
Allow me to go.
Don't touch it.
Don't touch these.
It's a nice day.
The skies are clear.
The sky is clear.
It's a clear day.
That's absolutely right.
Do you have a fever?
Please don't ask.
I'm serious.
I made a mistake.
That's enough.
That's enough.
Dictatorship can be summed up by "shut up!", democracy by "keep talking".
Did you call?
It's lunch time.
It's time to eat lunch.
Come along with us.
Come with us.
Come with us.
I was born into the Hebrew persuasion, but when I got older I converted to narcissism.
I hope that is not the case.
Has anything changed?
Oh! That's too bad.
Oh! I'm sorry to hear that.
I'm completely exhausted.
Once again.
Of course!
I got sick from drinking too much.
Let me say one thing.
It's my CD, isn't it?
I'm a good-for-nothing bum.
Have there been any changes?
Don't worry about it.
Don't worry about it.
Follow him.
It's my treat.
I think I can.
I can't stand this heat.
I'm OK.
There are no problems.
Your manners aren't very good.
Your manners aren't very good.
Yes, I have a good idea.
No drinkers allowed.
I'm very hungry.
I have something I want to say to you.
Yes. That's right.
It's a secret.
Unity, justice and freedom are the pledge of fortune.
Speak clearly.
How complex is it?
I've had enough.
I've had enough.
I'm full.
My stomach's full.
My stomach's full.
Finally, it's Friday.
Finally, it's Friday.
I told you to stop, didn't I?
OK. I agree.
You're kidding!
You're joking!
I think it's OK.
Hurry. Please lend me a hand.
Life would become bland without you.
The jar is empty.
I don't think it's possible to finish that amount of work in one day.
Stop joking around.
Stop joking around.
You were late, weren't you?
I'm very busy.
The surrounding area was very quiet.
The area was quiet.
You're really wonderful.
I'll buy this.
Everyone in the town knows about it.
I think you went too far.
I think you went too far.
Lao Gan Ma and I have a love-hate relationship.
A travel agent will arrange an excursion to Andalusia for you.
Admission is free for children.
All of the flowers are paper.
All roads lead to Rome.
Am I pregnant?
Am I pregnant?
Anything else?
Are you teaching Spanish?
Are you thirsty?
As soon as she wakes up, we'll turn on the music.
Because they're watching television.
Because they're watching television.
Before going to France we decided to study French.
Bless you!
Can I have a dance with you?
Can you help me?
Can you help me?
Can you show me on the map?
Close your eyes.
Come here quickly.
Did you sleep well?
Do I need X-rays?
Do you agree?
Do you have a blog?
Do you have a coat and a hat?
Do you have a gift shop here?
Do you have a list of hotels?
Do you have a map?
Do you have a match? I'm sorry, but I don't smoke.
Do you have a petting zoo area?
Do you have an e-mail address?
Do you have an e-mail address?
Do you have brothers and sisters?
Do you have brothers and sisters?
Do you have brothers and sisters?
Do you have children?
Do you have this in a bigger size?
Do you know a good dentist?
Do you like rain?
Do you like snow?
Do you speak Arabic?
Do you speak Arabic?
Do you speak Chinese?
Do you want this shirt?
Does anyone here speak English?
Does anyone speak English?
Does anyone speak English?
Don't throw anything onto the floor.
Enough!
Excuse me. Is the supermarket open?
Fasten your seat belts.
For sale.
Fuck your mom.
Fuck your mom.
Go to the patio.
Goodbye and good luck.
Have you got shampoo?
He became an orphan when he was ten.
He has a few pens.
He has an egg and is eating it.
He is from France.
He is from the United States.
He isn't here because he's ill.
He isn't like his brother.
He kept his promise and helped his brothers.
He likes to swim.
He needs an umbrella.
He pays with a credit card.
He sells cars.
He sells fruit.
He was blinded in an accident.
He washes the car.
He writes Arabic.
He's got a headache.
Help!
Her socks are gray.
Here is my baggage.
Here is your menu.
I like playing sports.
I like sports.
I really do want that.
That's a shame.
What a strong wind!
I've quit drinking beer.
I have an opinion.
Let's meet again soon.
Would you like a drink?
You're lying, aren't you?
Did something happen?
What illness do I have?
What disease do I have?
Please bring me my bill.
Could I have the bill, please?
It's a real bargain.
I hope you have a good trip.
I hope you have a good trip.
I hope you have a good trip.
Bon voyage!
Bon voyage!
Bon voyage!
Bon voyage!
He's a man of outstanding character.
Whose turn is it?
It's now your turn.
It's now your turn.
He earns his living by writing.
She's not prettier than her mother.
I've got nothing to do with it.
This afternoon, I am planning to study English.
If so, what should we do?
It's too big.
It's too large.
I hate coffee.
I'll attend.
We really enjoyed ourselves.
I borrow money.
I buy tapes.
I like mathematics.
I like mathematics.
That's good, isn't it?
I go by the nickname "Itch."
My nickname is "Itch."
Large, isn't it?
This place is large, isn't it?
Let's have a few drinks tonight.
Prices have dropped recently.
Did you grade the tests?
He drank a lot yesterday.
He can speak Russian, too.
He can speak Russian, too.
He can also speak Russian.
I wonder if this is love.
Could you teach me how to play the piano?
Please come in.
It's very cold.
That's an imitation.
Wait just a moment.
I love parties.
Everyone, please be quiet.
That's a good question.
Lemons are sour.
Grab a hold of the rope.
Has something happened?
It's an easy victory.
Do it now.
It's great! You'll laugh for sure.
It's OK not to eat it.
You don't have to eat it.
You don't have to eat.
Everyone dies.
Life is fun.
Clean your room.
Clean your room.
It's free.
It's gotten better.
It's improved.
I've gotten better.
My TV has quit working.
His opinions aren't worth listening to.
I don't know why she is this worried.
What'll you have to drink?
How handsome!
How much does a beer cost?
How much does it cost?
How much does the wooden chair cost?
How much is the ticket?
How old are you?
How old are you?
How old is that painting?
How old is this zoo?
How old is your son?
I am short.
I am tall.
I agree.
I am a journalist.
I am cold.
I am divorced.
I am happy.
I am hot.
I am Lin.
I am online.
I am ready.
I am sick.
I am too short.
I did not order this.
I do not drink coffee.
I don't feel comfortable here.
I don't have any money on me.
I don't know what to say.
I don't speak Chinese.
I feel dizzy.
I get on very well with your cousin.
I got up today with a pain in my neck.
I have a Facebook account.
I have a metal table.
I have brown hair.
I left it on the table.
I like the old car more than the new.
I like this one.
I like to study foreign languages.
I love her so much that I can't leave her.
I love my life.
I love my life.
I love my wife.
I must have left it on the bus.
I need a doctor!
I need more time.
I need something for an adult.
I owe you $1,000.
I shave every morning.
I shave every morning.
I teach Chinese.
I teach English.
I teach Spanish.
I thank you very much for your kindness.
I want a book. Where is the bookstore?
I want to be with you forever.
I want to clean the house before my parents return.
I want to kiss you.
I want to kiss you.
I want to see what there is inside.
I want to spend my life with you.
I want to take a bath.
I want to tell you a strange thing.
I want to work with your company.
I was really disappointed when I found out that I hadn't passed the exam.
I wash myself.
Do you have a points card?
Do you have a rewards card?
I want to leave Paris.
I feel like the window was open all night.
The plane was unable to take off due to the storm.
He came.
You are a toilet!
A stranger tapped me on the shoulder from behind. He must have mistaken me for someone else.
Tell me when to begin.
My father is shaving in the bathroom.
I am too busy to go.
The doors on the left side will open.
We are happy.
I like this dog.
I've already come here before.
There are forty thousand cameras in Urumqi.
I haven't finished reading this book.
When did this occur?
They change everything.
You're completely right!
Do you live with your parents?
You're the boss.
I'm in Boston going for my Ph.D. right now.
This website is very useful.
Twenty dollars are one hundred and forty yuan.
Put the carrots in the pot.
There is honor even among thieves.
I live in this place.
I live in this area.
I have a dog and a cat.
They usually sleep in this room.
Whose fault is it?
Please do that.
I have to paint it.
It was a terrible day.
Everyone was happy.
Spring has come.
Please speak in a louder voice.
Please say it more loudly.
Choose one person.
Please choose one person.
Summer has ended.
It's time to get up.
Please think about it.
Please think it over.
That was an excellent putt.
Let me check your ticket.
Who drew it?
Nothing is as difficult as becoming a person.
What's the weather like?
It's as cold as ice.
Prices went up.
The cost of living has risen.
The cost of living has gone up.
This flag is very beautiful.
That's a pheasant.
That's a good plan.
That's a good idea.
My right hand is Uighur, and my left is Han.
I need help from several people.
I know she is very cute.
I know she is very lovely.
He wrote one letter.
I'm 19.
Copy-and-paste is very useful.
Are these your things?
Let's get started.
Let's get started.
Please open the bottle.
That was years ago.
That's not fair.
That isn't fair.
Isn't it black?
Is that pure gold?
Please wrap it up.
Not even one taxi stopped.
I cried all night.
There's nothing that can be done.
There is one way.
Democracy is the dictatorship of the majority.
It's Friday, and so we have to perform our prayers.
I would like to go to America.
I need to go to the China Construction Bank.
Take the oranges out of the fridge.
Can all birds fly?
When Michael is at home, his work is to clean the windows.
My train left at 7 and arrived in New York at 10.
Follow me into the room.
How long have you known her for?
God knows we did everything we could.
Don't depend too much on others.
Hi, Roger. I'm doing well.
You remember it?
A crowd gathered on this street.
I don't go to school on Sundays.
Sundays I don't go to school.
The total comes to 3,000 yen.
No one lives in this building.
I live here.
What are you cooking?
Why are there crickets in my room?
A Japanese person would never do such a thing.
I forgot what his name was.
He's crazy about soccer.
My uncle's hobby is playing baseball.
It's nothing, don't be afraid!
It'll be fine, don't be afraid!
These plants are too small. I don't think that they'll grow.
You've come back?
You've come back?
You've come back?
You've come back?
That's not a grasshopper. It's a locust!
Have you returned?
I'm ill.
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Time flew.
Thanks!
Perhaps he'll never become famous.
Maybe he won't become famous.
I wonder why he did that.
The clock has stopped.
The clock stopped.
There's no need to apologize.
There isn't any soap.
It's snowing.
It's nothing serious.
It's nothing to worry about.
Let's fly a kite.
No one knows.
Catch him.
They drink cola.
Lock the gate.
Please be quiet.
The train has arrived.
What's that bird called?
Let's eat sushi.
It's frozen hard.
Don't be disappointed.
Do you drink coffee?
Do you drink coffee?
I eat here.
I eat here.
I'll eat here.
I'll eat it here.
My album is here.
This is your key.
Keep going straight.
That's my problem.
In China, there's a saying that you can't judge a person by appearance.
What should I do?
What should I do?
What's the point in doing that?
What's the point in doing that?
Please get into the car.
It's very big.
That's very big.
Let's go by bus.
We still have more time.
Come if you can.
Please speak more loudly.
Would you like to eat something?
Would you like to eat something?
There's no need to hurry.
Clean the dirt off the mirror.
Choose the one you like.
Choose the one you like.
Choose whichever you like.
What's in this bag?
Who is that person?
People should do their best.
He likes playing football.
Read, every day, something no one else is reading. Think, every day, something no one else is thinking. Do, every day, something no one else would be silly enough to do. It is bad for the mind to be always part of unanimity.
Who wants hot chocolate?
Where is the emergency exit?
Prostitution, gambling, the use of narcotic substances, drunkenness, disorder, and all other illegal activities are STRICTLY FORBIDDEN.
I could answer his question.
Mr. Crouch, what are you doing?
Everybody likes him.
He just arrived.
It's not that far.
The demon lord finally lost conciousness and fell to the floor with a thud.
Tatoeba: Because you can't meet enough frenchies.
Tatoeba: Because you can't meet enough frenchies.
Tatoeba: As if the geek invasion wasn't enough.
FSI officer: "Sir, there is a website where ANYONE can add a sentence in a foreign language!". FSI president: "What?! Bomb them!".
"Honey, quick, quick. There's this website called Tatoeba that's auctioning its sentence collection for a cent each! They've even got special offers like buy 100 sentences and get 1 free!" "Ah great! now people collect sentences as a hobby?! What's the world coming to!"
In Tatoeba, you gotta always listen to veteran members. They'll tell you what can't be done and why. Then do it.
Tatoeba: Where debates are hotter than two rabbits making babies in a sock!
I haven't seen her for a long time.
We will tidy up our room so that Mom is satisfied.
Run faster, or you won't be able to catch the train.
Tatoeba: Sentences, sentences, and more sentences.
Tatoeba: Where sentences are always sentences, except when they aren't.
They're digging a hole.
I wanna have dinner in a restaurant.
He wants to know more about them.
All languages are equal, but English is more equal than the others.
He believes himself to be infallible.
I don't want it.
They installed a vending machine at work.
The Mississippi is the longest river in the United States.
Our goose is cooked.
Our goose is cooked.
Faster, higher, stronger.
I love apples.
Starting tomorrow, it's going to snow for a week.
I'm studying at the University of Hyogo.
From time to time, he goes to Tokyo on business.
If you ask her too directly whether she has a friend, she will become suspicious and answer: "Why did you ask me that?".
I want a good dictionary.
Yesterday I bought a book.
This room is used as a kitchen.
He is able to swim quickly.
The police followed him to Paris.
I ordered two hamburgers.
He was the first to help her.
Where is the tea with milk?
I recognize that what he says is the truth.
I came.
I came.
I came.
Aoi is a good dancer.
I like your way of smiling.
So you don't understand this sentence?
And I'm in Lvov now!
I used to play tennis.
He sat there looking out the window.
I'm not too sure how to pronounce that word.
Yesterday my sister went to Kobe.
Don't open your book.
I invited my neighbor to breakfast.
They love that song.
My dad is not home at the moment.
You have to leave.
You have to leave.
You have to leave.
I no longer love him.
His room's a mess.
When you leave the bathroom, you should wash your hands.
Plato is my friend, but the truth is worth more to me.
I have three dogs. One is male and the other two are female.
I would like to have a cup of coffee.
I would like to have a cup of coffee.
How do you know?
How do you know?
It looks like she's got a lot of friends.
It looks like she has a lot of friends.
These shoes are too big for me.
I walked an entire ten miles.
Jump as high as you can.
Hurry up, the summer is almost over...
I am very grateful to you for your advice.
I think, therefore I am.
My neighbor renovated her house completely.
He doesn't tan.
We have different ways of thinking with regard to this issue.
What are you interested in?
Got it?
Got it?
I think that they're a lot of fun.
I work in a hospital.
I would like an air-conditioned room.
I would like to buy a present for my wife. I thought about a scarf.
I would like fruit juice.
I'd like to buy menu of the day.
I'll be right with you.
I've been waiting for you for 5 hours.
I'm cold.
I'm drinking water because I'm thirsty.
I'm hot.
If the pain continues you have to go to the doctor.
In the morning, I write in the park.
In the summer I wear short-sleeved shirts.
Is there a shorter road to get there?
Is this the direct way to the Prado?
It is 7:30.
It is too late.
It is very pleasant to cross the ocean by ship.
It took me 2 hours to finish the essay.
It's 3:30.
It's about to rain.
It's late already. Hurry up!
It's not difficult if you study.
It's not practical.
Keep to the right.
Look into my eyes.
May I come in?
May I help you?
May I take a photo?
May I try on this dress?
Must I stay in bed?
My head hurts.
My mobile has been stolen.
My parents are divorced.
My parents are from China.
My parents don't understand me.
No, thanks. I am tired.
No. They are too small.
On hearing the news, she fainted.
Open the window and you'll have fresh air.
Our friendship will last a long time.
Ow, the coffee is very hot!
Please speak more slowly.
Probably you are allergic to pollen or dust.
Shall we go and eat?
She didn't give me my money back.
She has a little bread.
She likes to run.
She lives in New York.
I think it's you who should apologize to her.
Hungry?
Do you come here every day?
Harvard was founded in 1636.
I trust you.
You have two younger brothers.
The aim of this game is to explode all the bombs on the screen.
Their two shadows overlap.
English is not easy, but it is interesting.
I'm really sorry!
I'm really sorry!
You have such beautiful, hazel eyes.
I wasn't fired. I quit.
Is this jasmine tea?
Don't underestimate us.
Don't underestimate me.
Don't underestimate me.
Sports are good for your health.
The flowers have all withered.
I'm busy right now.
I am busy now.
I'm in the middle of something.
He cried: "Help!"
Something is better than nothing.
Good night, Timmy!
Tatoeba is addictive.
Crazy!
English and German are two related languages.
My native language is Japanese.
English is a hard language to learn.
Our native language is Japanese.
He can speak five languages.
It's hard to learn a foreign language.
Sweden has its own language.
In Australia, they speak English.
English is not my first language.
This book is intended for students who do not speak Japanese as a native language.
Jorge can speak four languages.
All languages being equal, English is the most equal of all.
English is a Germanic language.
The roses in the garden are blooming.
Jessie accepted the invitation at once.
Jessie spoke bad French and worse German.
Jessie stared at Jordan in dead silence.
Jessie strolled along beside the cart.
Jessie urged the little donkey forward.
In case of fire, do not use the lift.
Mind your head.
Mind your head.
He is one of my neighbors.
He's Taro's younger brother.
Did he propose to you?
Did he pass the test?
Did he pass the exam?
I usually get up at 6:00.
Do you know his older brother?
My father is going for a walk in the park.
Words express thoughts.
Words express thoughts.
Do you know why she couldn't come?
Do you know why she's so angry?
Do you know whether or not she can speak English?
Do you know if she can speak English?
What did she say?
What did she say?
100 years is called a century.
One hundred years is called a century.
He's your senior fellow apprentice.
I'm using Twitter.
I'm not serious.
True art of life is to see the extraordinary amongst the ordinary.
Rumor says he resigned.
Many people rejected the invitation to the welcome party.
All of the children are listening to the teacher's words.
Without his help, I will fail.
How long did it take you to translate this book?
He has two daughters who have both married doctors.
Waves crashing against the coast.
She visited the house several times.
I will only buy the car if they repair the brakes first.
The plane dropped the bomb over the city.
I will not allow you to use my pen.
I'm not going to apologize. What are you going to do about it?
Instead of preparing a dinner by candlelight, she put her boyfriend up for auction on eBay.
The secretary stuffs the letter into an envelope.
He took her words as a compliment.
In Japan, it is polite to bow when one meets someone.
His English is very fluent!
It's incredible that your mother speaks six languages!
My room is a pigsty.
Does he have the opportunity to win?
Does he have a chance in winning the election?
I don't have time to meet up with you.
This is your dog.
He did not answer the phone, so I sent him an email.
His lie got him into trouble when his boss discovered the truth.
I am a serious clerk, and at home, I am a good wife and mother.
I see her sweeping the room.
How much will it cost to mend this skirt?
Can you give me a map of the street?
Can you give me a street map?
I like each of them.
I like watching Code Lyoko.
Where is your dog?
Where is your dog?
She returned the book to the library.
She said that he was handsome.
Speak clearly and make yourself heard.
He thinks that they are eager for glory.
Where were you yesterday?
He is not religious.
I did not participate in the dialog.
How's the breakfast at McDonald's?
What language is spoken in Egypt?
All the oil in the lamp has been used.
I discussed business with her.
Give me a hand, since I have this essay to write.
How long can it be kept going with 100 dollars?
He stills comes visit me from time to time.
He likes to go to the beach sometimes
Sometimes I see him at the club.
We go fishing from time to time.
As soon as she finished, she lay down and had a nap.
Regarding education, he has extreme opinions.
To be honest, he doesn't have any musical talent.
The city is at the northern end of Japan.
I will be at the meeting.
He spent a lot of money on helping the poor.
It is said that the Japanese are very friendly to those that they know, and very indifferent to those they don't.
I'm sure that this is a fresh water fish.
I was very cold towards her.
I will be at home when she comes next.
There hasn't been a drop of rain in two weeks.
She reads Chinese.
She sells flowers.
She speaks Chinese.
She speaks Chinese.
Show me where it hurts you.
Shut up!
Single or double room?
Sorry, I don't have any money.
Spanish is spoken in twenty countries.
Stay there.
Suck my dick.
Take me home.
Thank you for your help.
That hurts.
That's great.
That's where the problem lies.
The black telephone costs more than the white.
The blouse costs twelve libras.
The bridge was built by the Romans.
The cat is watching the fish.
The children go to school in the morning.
The coffee is cold.
The colors of the American flag are red, white and blue.
The concert ticket costs more than the cinema ticket.
The customer is always right.
The girl doesn't like to play soccer.
The moon is shining.
The pharmacy is near the hospital.
The sheet is on the bed.
The women work in a restaurant.
The young man is a doctor.
The young man lives in an old house.
There is lightning.
These are people.
These pants fit me well.
These pants fit me well.
They are eating their apples.
They are in danger of extinction.
They are watching a movie.
They wash their hands.
They tasted the bread.
They wash their hands with soap.
This chair is too small.
This is cold.
This is delicious.
This is my brother.
This is my old bicycle.
This isn't Spanish.
I can't stand naughty children.
She said, "He is handsome."
Is there a doctor on board?
John is more intelligent than Bill.
There will be snow tomorrow.
She was surprised that he showed up.
She's in the bath.
Managing your stocks with Big Wisdom shows that you are serious about investing!
Good water for Tibet is good water for the world.
Friendly Reminder: Please keep in mind the closing time of the line you need to switch to, so as to avoid delays in your trip.
Do you have a lot of money on you?
Midori ate a large segment of the orange.
He secretly placed it.
I looked after him for a period of time.
Do you have any foreign beer?
As far as I'm concerned, this coffee is too strong.
I'm Paul, your room mate.
This is where they usually eat supper.
Here's where they usually have dinner.
I love pizza very much.
We woke up very early in order to see the sunrise.
He did it for money.
The child pets the cat.
Next to China, Switzerland is an abandoned village.
This room has two closets for clothing.
This store sells old books.
This table is heavy.
This table is wooden.
This table is wooden.
Today I turn four years old.
Today she turns ten years old.
Turn around.
Turn left.
Turn right.
Wait for me!
Waiter needed.
We can continue playing, as long as we don't make too much noise.
We have our evening meal at 9 here.
We live in New York.
We live in the United States.
We weren't able to buy tickets, so we didn't go to the concert.
Well done!
Well done!
Well done!
Well, have you decided?
What are my responsibilities?
What are my tasks?
What color is your hair?
What did you hear?
What do you like to do in your free time?
What do you like to do in your free time?
What do you think of it?
What do you think of that?
What do you want it for?
What does it contain?
What fruit is red?
What have I got to do so that you'll pay attention to me?
What have you done today?
What I'm about to say is strictly between you and me.
What I'm about to say is strictly between you and me.
What is that?
What is that?
I eat breakfast every morning.
She came to Tokyo when she was eighteen years old.
She looks a lot like her mother.
He opposes racism.
He's opposed to racial discrimination.
Discriminating against people because of their race is a mistake.
He and his brother are chatting.
There is a bus every 20 minutes.
He has no reason to be late.
You need to pay extra for the batteries.
My parents won't let me date.
My parents won't let me go out with boys.
Let him in.
Put him in.
The following is the project's progress.
There are more and more sentences.
A bird in the hand is better than two in the bush.
Time is the most precious thing in the world.
She does not like sushi.
Cats like fish more than they like meat.
My father and I go fishing from time to time.
If you are not busy, why don't you come fishing with me this weekend?
Big fish eat little fish.
The big fish eats the little fish.
When the phone rang, I was watching TV.
Please tell him to wait.
You might meet him.
I'd like to talk to John.
Do you meet him often?
Now I will introduce you to my parents.
I laughed at his joke.
Now I want to introduce my parents to you.
His joke was great.
I met with an old woman.
Mr. Smith came.
Has Mike quit drinking?
I voted for Ken.
Mr. Johnson's room was a large room.
It's wrong to deceive people, but worse to deceive yourself.
His story sounds true.
I plan to write Judy a letter.
His car is really cool.
Yesterday I read an interesting story.
My computer has frozen.
He gave him a book.
Sleeping on a carpet is great.
The smell of roses filled the entire room.
Can you give me a kilo of steak?
Please write down and give to me your personal address.
I'm glad that I didn't buy something like this.
Your dog is very fat.
This book's main topic is the American revolution.
It might rain.
What's the daily fee?
I am thirsty.
Goodnight!
They are all wearing uniforms.
She says that she is content with her life.
He is Swiss.
They believe that Jane is honest.
What do you think of him?
What do you think of his suggestion?
Does Tom need to stay home today?
Does Tom have to stay home today?
We chose John to be our captain.
We chose John to be captain.
Please serve him his meal first.
I don't know anything about him.
His concert was very good.
His concert was great.
What he did wasn't wrong.
Do what he tells you.
Everyone who knew him admired him.
That's not Jack's fault.
How was your weekend?
How was your weekend?
He was angry and hit her.
Who can tell me what the acronym Tatoeba stands for?
He gave his life for the nation.
By the time I arrived at the school, the class had already finished.
Taro, could you help me?
He works in his own way.
Everyone in his family is tall.
Everything went well.
The table is covered with powder.
I never saw so big a whale.
He tends to lie.
Can you put up with the way he behaves?
John doesn't know how to speak French well.
The building has 20 floors.
His new car is wonderful.
The car is driving quickly.
Watch him and do the same thing.
Watch him and do what he does.
The cat is looking at the fish.
I'll visit him tomorrow.
I'll visit Mr. Brown tomorrow.
Carrots cost three dollars.
I visit him every other day.
I'll personally visit you.
It's only your imagination.
Mrs. Smith cleans that room.
I don't know if I can go to the party.
I got that news from Hashimoto.
You'd better hurry.
His house is across from mine.
I'm starting to bleed.
She has a lot of carry-on luggage.
Please remember what he said.
What is the distance between New York and London?
How far is New York from London?
She said to herself, "Where shall I go next?"
You're already useless.
He doesn't have a job. He's retired.
Do you own a house in Italy?
What's your phone number?
I'm a British girl from Manchester.
Hi, everybody!
We called him a "hero", but he betrayed us.
What he said would happen has happened.
What he said embarrassed me.
His lectures are very long.
He threw a rock into the pond.
We work every day but Sunday.
You can't live without water.
Life cannot exist without water.
My father went fishing.
There's no more salt.
Iron is a useful metal.
My son is taller than I am.
You shouldn't tell him anything about her.
Glory to Ukraine!
He doesn't have any friends to play with.
There are many fish in this lake.
He knocked on the closed door.
He knocked on the door.
What did you say your name was?
He's very good at guitar.
He's very good at playing guitar.
Her older daughter is married.
How old is your oldest son?
My older brother finished his homework very quickly.
I have an older brother and a younger sister.
He didn't know that.
He is not as smart as his older brother.
"Do you know when they will arrive?" "At eleven-thirty this evening."
He is not as intelligent as his older brother.
He has three older sisters.
How dare you speak like that to your elders and betters!
The little fridge is dirty.
She adores her older brother.
She's my older sister.
She's my sister.
Which do you like better, apples or bananas?
That's my younger sister's photograph.
He might not be happy.
My father loves pizza.
The train is 10 minutes late today.
You'd better put on a raincoat.
You are at a safe place.
You must quit smoking.
Unfortunately, my father isn't at home.
We have a few packages in here.
Hey, sir, the function on the blackboard is not exponential, but trigonometric.
I helped her translate this sentence so many times.
The country code for Italy is +39.
She bought a woollen pullover to give to him.
Nail polish remover stinks a lot.
Today is my treat.
My butt hurts.
He is drunk.
He lost his eyesight in the accident.
Once a war breaks out, both sides are in the wrong.
If you are by my side, I don't need anything else.
Mr. Wang is Chinese.
This bike belongs to my younger brother.
This bike belongs to my little brother.
Even his servants despised him.
The red lines on the map represent a railway.
I'll go on QQ immediately.
I don't go on QQ very often.
If the weather is nice tomorrow, we will have a picnic.
You don't have to wait until the end.
Why wouldn't you listen to his advice?
If you have any other issues, please notify me through the form.
If you have other problems, please send them to me through the form.
Let's go back to lesson three.
I want to go with a friend to Hokkaido next month.
That pasture is ten acres.
You cannot solve this problem with the usual method.
We used to be neighbours.
I will help you buy one concert ticket.
Is this seat available?
I thought he was my brother.
That's my coat.
I hate studying.
Where do we go?
The first group studies in the morning, the second in the evening.
We found out that he was her father.
She is thinking about travelling.
Learning about other countries' cultures is very interesting.
You are very courageous.
To the best of my knowledge, the lake is the deepest here.
Why did you leave the class yesterday?
To the best of my knowledge, the rumor is not true.
He was able to put up remarkable performances at the sports competition.
He was disqualified from the competition.
He would like to take part in the competition.
Is this your family?
By lack of attention, she hit the post with her car.
He lives nearby to my house.
As far as I know, he's a diligent student.
That's my cat.
Let's take a short break.
I have never seen a red refrigerator.
Man is the only fire-using animal.
She has blue eyes.
She has blue eyes.
I go to school.
I go to school.
I study Korean.
My friend studies Korean.
His ideas never earned him a single penny.
I can't play tennis very well.
I played with the baby on my knee.
I don't have the address now.
I don't have the address now.
I don't have an ear for music.
I don't understand music.
That film's really interesting.
In those days, a cup of coffee cost 200 yen.
Sorry.
Have you got a car?
I was wrong.
I was wrong.
How did your weekend go?
My spoon is bigger!
Can you mend these shoes for me?
There was enough of A, but not enough of B.
What do you think she can do?
My French isn't good enough.
Her grandmother lived to be 88 years old.
She got very angry with her children.
How about going to the cinema?
He was home alone at the time.
I'm 17, too.
Please mind the gap between the train and the platform.
I don't know how to go there.
Today, I have a lot of homework.
I encountered a problem.
I came across an error.
At the end of the ceremony, the new couple kissed.
Frankly speaking, I actually wanted to stay at home, instead of going out.
I don't speak German.
Please knock on the door.
Turn on the TV.
How did your test go?
I would like to leave this town and never come back.
There's a telephone in my room.
I don't know where he lives.
I don't know where she lives.
Be careful not to catch a cold.
I often catch colds.
I always catch colds in the winter.
He catches colds very easily.
He catches colds easily.
This is why I came back.
He dropped his wallet, and now it's mine.
I'm going to go buy some materials today.
I am a Hyogo University student.
Let the fathers be fathers and the sons sons.
He plays the piano better than I do.
No artificial colours, preservatives or flavours.
Best served chilled.
My hometown is very pretty.
Go straight on down this street.
We give here a list of the usual Esperanto-related questions.
The transportation in this city is very convenient.
My house has a fruit garden.
You have added a comment, not a translation. To add a translation, click on the «あ→а» icon above the sentence.
You should go to the dentist and have that tooth pulled out.
Don't ramble.
I use Twitter.
I'm really sorry to trouble you!
There was only a little milk left in the bottle.
What's that sound?
"Do you speak German?" "No, I don't."
That's not a cat. That's a dog.
Tom hid himself under the table.
That's not a cat. It's a dog.
Are you speaking to me?
Do you know anyone who's not on Facebook?
One plus two is equal to three.
How're you doing?
She rides her bike to school.
It's still too early to talk about this now.
It's still too early to talk about this now.
I dove into the river.
Can you practice Japanese with me?
If you run into Mr. Long, don't forget to ask him about how his wife is doing.
As is often the case, Mike was late for the meeting this afternoon.
He killed that man.
I understand how to solve the problem.
I like shopping on Ebay.
I truly do not understand the question.
I really don't understand this problem.
He lost his eyesight.
He lost his eyesight in an accident.
He lost his eyesight in that accident.
They became very nervous.
I hate when other people make me wait a long time.
He lost his most beloved son.
Mary was proud of her beauty.
How're you doing?
Are you angry?
Are you angry?
Are you angry?
She always keeps her promises.
He asked us to help him.
He was brave.
Life never ends but earthly life does.
He has ambition, so he works hard.
Since he has ambitions, he works hard.
Because of his wealth, he was able to become a member of that club.
Have you finished reading that novel?
This is my question.
Why do you try to run away?
Let's go now.
Another day gone by.
May I go now?
My camera was stolen on the train.
It'll cost about 10,000 yen.
You've got a big hole in your sock.
We all consider your idea to be impractical.
His girlfriend is Japanese.
Windows is the most used operating system in the world.
No.
If you sign up to Facebook, your information will be sent to intelligence agencies.
Yes.
Yes.
You can pick up a lot of words by reading.
I usually get up at eight o'clock.
I usually get up at eight o'clock.
Paraguay is a country in South America.
To my knowledge, she hasn't married yet.
Can you mend these shoes for me?
I work every day but Sunday.
I work every day but Sunday.
Ken seems to be a friendly person.
Ken seems to be a friendly person.
Mary helped her mother with the cooking.
We call him "Skunk Man".
I'm just a plain old office worker.
I'm just a plain office worker.
I'm just a regular office worker.
Mt. Fuji can be seen from here.
My grades are above average.
No one had anything left to say.
Life goes on.
I want to live in a world where people love one another.
Love loves love.
Love loves love.
Tatoeba: Join the dark side. We have chocolate cookies.
Tatoeba: Join the dark side. We have chocolate cookies.
She left home with everything she owned.
She loved me in the same way that I loved her.
Wake me up at seven.
Dima slept with 25 men in one night and then killed them.
Using Esperanto with him, I sense that we both are at the same level, at least from a linguistic point of view.
Tatoeba: Ever heard of sentence fights? Yeah, that's what we do for fun.
In Soviet Russia, sentence writes you!
The conference ended at five.
Angelica Pickles is very selfish.
He closed the door.
He shut the door.
He shut the door.
Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
Today, we are going to unravel the mystery of the English subjunctive.
Scott first changed a watch for a book, then the book for money.
If you want to read this page later, just know that you can access it from the "Help" link at the very bottom of the website.
I have no friends.
She was blind, deaf, and dumb.
Let's make our own language so no one will know what we're talking about!
I love how you think of other people's needs before your own.
This novel is very difficult to understand.
People under 18 cannot get married.
He likes math, but I don't.
YouTube is not a good website.
Can you call a taxi for me?
In 1958, Brazil won its first World Cup victory.
The Eiffel Tower is in the same city as the Louvre Museum.
"Will he come?" "No, I don't think so."
Tatoeba is open source software.
Come, I'll serve some for you.
I miss him.
I got on the wrong train.
I got on the wrong bus.
Hiding from the police, Dima spent the night in a dumpster.
You can't live on this side anymore.
This noise is driving me crazy.
Ann has many friends.
He is very kind.
The old man is very kind.
The old man starved to death.
The old man died from hunger.
The Indian flag is called the tricolour because it has stripes of three colours – saffron, white and green.
This is the monsoon season.
If he's fluent in English, I'll hire him.
He has a lot of money.
Everybody says that he is a kind soul.
The next morning, Dima got out of the dumpster, but only to realize that all of his clothes now smelled like garbage.
Regardless what you may do, the outcome will still be the same.
Where's the nearest train station?
We can't go outside because it's raining.
Let's wait until it stops raining.
The baby started crying.
Where is my book?
Where are my books?
Are they friends?
I would like to buy some aspirin.
I would like some fish.
Please replace the empty ink cartridge in the printer.
Please don't run in the classroom.
For that reason, he lost his job.
I knew you'd come.
I respect her selflessness.
Where is my book?
He has two cats.
She's got two cats. One's white and the other is black.
Look, there's a cat in the kitchen.
He occasionally reads detective novels.
What is this nonsense?
I'm really hungry.
"I really need some new clothes," thought Dima.
It's not that I am unsympathetic, but I am not able to help you.
We are equal in the eyes of the law.
You did a good job.
Please do not answer this fraudulent e-mail and certainly do not click on the links in the e-mail.
He is French.
The input method also works with this version.
I'm a computer scientist.
Guns don't kill people. People kill people.
Monkeys kill people too, but only if they have guns.
Without your advice, I would have failed.
You should do that soon.
Can't you speak English?
I never dreamed that I would win first prize.
I never dreamed that there would be a typhoon.
I know she is in France.
Place it wherever you like.
There are only three women in this class.
You wake up lying on the rocky floor of a dark cave. A little light filters down from above. You can just make out a couple of openings leading away from the cave. What do you do now?
I have to help my mother.
I must help my mother.
My mother washes clothes every day.
My mother left me a message.
Our mother bought us a puppy.
My mother made a sweater for me.
My mother made me a sweater.
Mom, can I go swimming?
Mom, can I go swimming?
Mommy, may I go swimming?
It's supper time.
Thankfully, there was an Armani store just outside the alley where Dima had slept.
I'm sorry, my boss is sleeping right now. Please come back tomorrow.
Drive safely.
Two coffees with milk, please.
They'll get out of class in forty minutes.
Do you like eating fish?
I learned a lot about Greek culture.
It's eleven and he's not coming.
I work every day save Sundays.
I work every day save Sundays.
I work every day except for Sundays.
I work every day except for Sundays.
Don't leave me by myself!
Thanks anyway.
He went to the store.
They're washing their hands.
Your lips are soft like the surface of a cactus.
The birds' home is in the forest, the fish's home is in the river, the bees' home is in the flowers, and the little children's is in China. We love our motherland from the time we're little, as the birds love the forest, the fish love the river, and the bees love the flowers.
I got pregnant from the Finnish harpist that I told you about last night.
Tufts University is a very famous school in Boston.
Could you do me a favor?
Could you do me a favor?
His martial arts prowess has already reached a level of sublime perfection.
That accident was due to his carelessness.
Mom is getting dinner ready.
As he looked through the store window, Dima's eyes widened as they fell upon a gorgeous black suit, and then widened even more when he noticed the 3,000,000.99 BYR price tag.
I must be leaving now.
I must go now.
What's your friend's name?
He promised to be here at 6.
Cheers!
I worked on the farm all day.
Why did my sixty-year-old landlord buy a trampoline?
She likes her school a lot.
The cat is adorable.
India is a region rich in culinary culture.
Have you gone nuts?
"I'd look like a real James Bond in that," Dima said to himself, then entered the store.
Swimming is easy for me.
Swimming is easy.
Playing tennis is fun.
I want to go for a swim.
I could swim well even when I was a child.
Who's the boy swimming over there?
The floor was covered with blood.
Can you really swim?
My father has a restaurant.
Who is this person?
All that has happened before, and will happen again.
What a long cucumber!
I'll buy him a pencil.
Her daughter has become a beautiful woman.
Do you have a sewing needle?
I did not go there to die. I went there to live.
You should begin right away.
Jessie's long hair was completely wet.
She gave me a watch.
"Would you like to buy a suit?" the shopkeeper asked Dima, who brought the smells of the previous night with him as he walked through the door.
He loves trains.
He hopes to go abroad.
I count the sparkle of constellations to foretell the future of my love.
I'm studying English drama.
I want to eat out tonight.
I got this bicycle for free.
Before this car, I drove a Nissan.
I want your photograph.
I cannot distinguish a frog from a toad.
I like tennis and golf.
Jane had a very boring weekend.
I will go to the meeting.
My uncle gave his car to me.
My uncle gave me his car.
Quite a few people have two cars.
Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful.
Kyiv is the capital of Ukraine.
He's my friend.
I'm a translator.
I am a translator.
A laptop is better than a desktop.
When in Ukraine, I always speak Ukrainian.
Stuff happens.
He whistled as he walked.
What time did he say he'd come?
He pretended that he was a lawyer.
He pretended to be a doctor.
If you like seafood, you've come to the right place!
Tom helped me with the move.
The box is empty.
Don't use computer translation.
"Yes," Dima replied, brushing off a piece of half-eaten fish that had gotten stuck to his right sleeve. "I'd like to buy that one there."
'Radioactivity' is a chemistry term.
She thought that I was a doctor.
The baby cried all night.
The boy didn't change his opinion.
That hotel was very near the lake.
Their wedding is tomorrow.
Do you know the answer?
He has a car.
I arrived here yesterday.
We need money.
It's nice meeting you.
I'm 1.9 meters tall.
The girl who works at the bakery is cute.
The meeting ended at 4:00 p.m.
That mountain is easy to climb.
Second semester has ended.
It warms your heart when, while listening to a song in a (seemingly!) foreign language — Slovak, Macedonian, or Slovenian — you hear words that you have known since your childhood and even understand whole phrases.
"You have expensive taste!" the shopkeeper exclaimed. "Are you sure you don't want to look through our cheaper variants first?"
She lives nearby.
I'm going.
I'm going.
She is two years younger than I.
I advised him to keep the secret.
Do you need to work on Sunday?
The stream flows into the pond.
You should be ashamed of your stupidity.
Tulips will bloom soon.
The whole family was sick in bed.
They let me go.
Don't shoot the devil in the back. You might miss.
Mr. Suzuki studied French before he went to France.
We immediately became friends.
We don't need to attend that meeting.
Wet clothes stick to your skin.
Why do you need this money?
What do you need this money for?
You should quit smoking.
You don't need to answer that letter.
It isn't necessary to answer that letter.
I'm a journalist.
Before going to France, Mr. Suzuki studied French.
Please shut the door.
Please shut the door.
Please close the door.
Please close the door.
Is this a duty-free shop?
Does he write letters in English?
Does he write English letters?
Don't go above the speed limit.
Don't make noise when you eat soup.
Don't talk in the classroom.
"I'm in a terrible hurry... for reasons I can't say," Dima replied to the woman. "Please, just let me try on that suit there."
That teapot's pretty dirty.
My brother is really tall, about 1.8m.
He didn't go and I didn't either.
This bicycle is mine.
I'll come as soon as I can.
I got it for next to nothing.
I haven't heard that story yet.
I like to watch baseball games.
I like watching baseball games.
I often go sailing on weekends.
That's another matter.
My father drives to work.
My hobby is collecting old toys.
Police shouldn't take bribes.
She is very clever.
She didn't need to do that work.
She wrote a book about birds.
That woman is much older than I am.
That dress looks good on you.
Europeans like to drink wine.
Europeans like to drink wine.
I can't find what I want.
We're sorry. The number you have dialed is currently unavailable.
The next concert will take place in June.
It's big for a house.
I have to take my medicine every six hours.
If you were stranded on a desert island, what books would you want to have with you to read?
Our country grows stronger day by day.
I've got a headache.
The risk is too great.
Which TV show do you like the most?
Have you already been to the Korean Peninsula?
Nothing can be explained.
My sword may be blunt, but that's more than enough for someone like you.
May I have some more coffee?
A parallelogram is a quadrilateral formed from two sets of parallel lines.
You can't build buildings on swampy land.
When are you coming home?
When are you leaving?
When are you leaving?
Jupiter is the largest planet in the Solar System.
"Don't worry," Dima attempted to put the woman at ease. "It's not mine."
I plan to buy him a pen.
Ten thousand plus five thousand and five cents make fifteen thousand and five cents.
You've invited your friends as well?
Nice to meet you.
Her blue shoes go well with that skirt.
Which high school are you going to study in?
Good afternoon.
I'm just looking.
Could you turn the volume down?
Bill brought me this book.
In many countries, buying or smoking cannabis is forbidden by law.
I picked up a pretty shell at the seaside.
In fact she lied.
I live in Milan.
If I go to China, it'd be to speak Chinese as much as possible.
Do you have something to say?
Do you have something to say?
You're in danger of becoming a good man.
You're in danger of becoming a good man.
Is ten thousand yen enough?
Is ten thousand yen enough?
Kids love pasta in tomato sauce.
She has very good manners.
She sat on the bench.
He sat on the bench.
She felt herself being lifted up.
I didn't mean to be selfish.
I am not without my shortcomings, but these shortcomings can easily be amended.
I think that our living together has influenced your habits.
She was washing the dishes.
Shall we meet tomorrow?
Can you help me dial? The telephone is put too high.
No one came.
I feel unwell.
Are you a doctor?
Are you a doctor?
That's how it is.
That's how it is.
Thanks for the memories.
Which road goes to city hall?
You didn't need to come so early.
Brian bought some lipstick for Kate.
Please take me to the Grand Hotel.
Do you have a table on the patio?
Do you have change for a dollar?
This mountain is 3000 meters tall.
He won't make it to old age.
He won't live a long life.
He likes French more than German.
He wrote down the telephone number.
I wrote down that telephone number.
I don't like swimming in pools.
I don't like to swim in pools.
I promise.
If you're wrong, then I'm wrong, too.
You are irresistible.
The opposite of "inconvenient" is "convenient".
I don't have much money on me.
What's that sound?
I paid about fifty dollars.
I visited him a week ago today.
Mr. Green is a history teacher.
Mr. Green is a history teacher.
Someday I'll buy a cotton candy machine.
It doesn't mean anything.
Shut the door on your way out.
Close the door on your way out.
Teachers must be tired of correcting the same mistakes over and over again in their students' papers.
Could I have a subway map, please?
Please get me a scrap of paper.
I dreamed about you.
Selling cars is my job.
When we're children, everything around us looks so big.
Don't keep criticizing me!
It's totally dark outside.
It's pitch black outside.
I'm too old for this world.
She has been sick for three weeks.
They're too noisy; I can't concentrate.
"Oh, well..." thought Dima. "I suppose that I can't be picky at a time like this."
Light is much faster than sound.
I don't want to miss the exam.
You should've rejected such an unfair proposal.
Beauty's in the eye of the beholder.
I feel heartache.
How to arouse a woman's desire?
She left her umbrella on the bus.
She was afraid to cross the road.
Please sit on the sofa and relax.
The boys kept quiet.
Bigfoot is not a pet. For one thing, they don't like being called 'bigfoot'.
Olympus? Isn't that where Greek gods hang out or something?
A scary horror movie is only a movie. Once you turn off the screen it's all over, but life...you're stuck in it.
Change is the only constant.
I think you will have done all the work soon.
Next time I'll come earlier.
You're a friend of Tom's, aren't you?
You're Tom's friend, aren't you?
It's fall now.
It's easy to err once you lose your cool.
You don't need to speak so loud.
There is a fence around the house.
He doesn't need to work.
There wasn't any furniture in that room.
There was no furniture in that room.
They have elected a new government.
They've decided to get married next month.
They decided to get married next month.
This work must be finished by Monday.
Talking during a concert is rude.
It's rude to talk during a concert.
One more bottle of wine, please.
Another bottle of wine, please.
We'll go when the rain stops.
We'll go when it quits raining.
How about calling it a day?
Let's call it a day.
What's the width of this road?
What time does your plane leave?
Your friendship means a lot to me.
I had a lot of fun.
It was a lot of fun.
If you need anything, let me know.
Please come again in three days time.
This must be changed.
He isn't afraid of death.
If you wind up the doll with the key on the side of its torso it will swing its arms round and go forward doing somersaults.
Here is the house where he lived.
Is it possible to determine the diameter from the circumference?
I'm a starved spider.
Please knock before entering.
I don't give a damn about my CV.
I can drive a car.
Last night I was dead drunk and fell asleep without having a bath.
You need not do it at once.
I can't find my glasses. I may have left them behind in the train.
It's been a long time since I visited my grandmother.
Everybody loves him.
Never say never.
It's just a dream.
It's only a dream.
I love to play golf.
It's a crying shame that they weren't insured against fire.
Tatoeba: Where quotes go to die.
Please drive the car more slowly.
Someone told me that every cigarette you smoke takes seven minutes away from your life.
The shopping center is one mile ahead.
Please move your bicycle out of here.
Everyone loves him.
Don't worry.
We have two children.
The more contributors there are, the more useful Tatoeba will become!
Do you have one a little bigger than these?
Do you smoke?
Please water the flowers.
I love my motherland.
There's not a cloud in the sky.
It's raining again!
My eyes are tired.
A real friend is like a rare bird.
The room smelled of tobacco.
The room smelled of tobacco.
Bring the key.
I go to church every day.
How can I deactivate my account on this site?
I had nan with tea for breakfast.
This is the office in which he works.
My older brother knows how to drive.
This gift is for you.
They looked everywhere for him, but couldn't find him anywhere.
This is communism.
It's not you that she loves, it's me.
She respects her homeroom teacher a lot.
She doesn't like sushi.
I was afraid I'd be late.
I'm too busy to go.
She walked slowly so she wouldn't slip.
She is poor, but she is happy.
How long did you live there?
Her birthday party will be tomorrow evening.
She almost said "I don't know".
Sorry, I couldn't help it.
That's crazy.
I saw Jessie standing there.
I'll meet him tomorrow.
He has no interest in politics.
We ran in the park.
We can deliver within a week.
What time was she born?
Is eating with chopsticks difficult?
I don't drink or smoke.
Zamenhof, the creator of Esperanto, was an ophthalmologist.
He'll be back home soon.
My name is Farshad.
She visits the dentist on a regular basis, so she seldom gets toothaches.
Is Mother scolding the horse?
English is my native language.
English is my mother tongue.
I know that you're a teacher.
Where is the city hall?
I thought that he would come.
The death of Ronnie James Dio made me very sad.
Ronnie James Dio's death made me very sad.
I don't know this word's meaning.
I don't know the meaning of this word.
Almost half the men in Great Britain regularly give chocolate to their partner, especially for their birthday.
My view and yours are completely different.
He caught the cord.
I want five meatballs.
I think it won't rain tomorrow.
God can do anything!
He's my older brother.
He's my younger brother.
What will you make?
What do you make?
I love going to the movies.
It seems that he's happy.
Will you switch seats with me?
How is your wife?
We had a heavy rainfall last night.
He meets his girlfriend on Saturdays.
I think that fact is very important.
I'm crazy about football.
Is there enough food for everyone?
We will be living in England.
She looked away.
She smiled at her baby.
She loves children.
I was overtaken by a car.
I was overtaken by one car.
The bride seems to be very pretty.
Nothing in nature is useless.
I don't like novels without heroes.
I should clean my room.
The car won't start because the battery has run down.
Twitter is a good example of absurdity.
My mother tongue is Spanish.
My native language is Spanish.
It takes two to do something strange.
Image Viewer is an image viewing software. This software is a very small program. This software has basic functions only. This is translatable by Tatoeba Project users.
Please select a language for the Image Viewer interface.
Do you know how to use a computer?
He lost everything he owned.
Tom was fired.
He is studying at his desk.
He raised his hands.
He laid on his back.
I think he will do his best.
"'Story'?" the woman asked. "What do you mean?"
Milan Kundera is my favourite writer.
Can you give me your cell number?
He lives inside an apple.
People who want to share their religious views with you almost never want you to share yours with them.
He wrote me a letter.
That's none of your business.
What is love?
That's life.
That's life.
These dresses are too large.
There is a large supermarket.
That's a book.
There's a book here.
It's your book.
I'll give you a book.
This book was easy.
How long will you stay in Japan?
Until when will you stay in Japan?
How long will you be in Japan?
Are you Japanese?
Are you Japanese?
This book was very interesting.
There are almost no books.
That book was interesting.
What did you do with that book?
None of those books are useful.
None of those books are useful.
One roll of color film, please.
Would you please autograph this book?
Could you please autograph this book?
It won't take so long.
Do you plan to stay long?
Days are getting longer.
The more chocolate you eat, the fatter you'll get.
I know that downloading music from the internet without paying is wrong, but I do it anyway.
You shouldn't go out.
I'd rather stay than go.
Please leave.
I didn't really feel like going out.
I'd like to attend the party.
Ask me something easier.
Why is there a Miss Italy but no Mister Italy?
This book is mine.
Whose guitar is this?
They're all the same size.
This is about as large as that.
No, I didn't write it.
No, I didn't go.
Goodbye!
We are responsible for your protection from now on.
I'd never expected to meet her in a place like that.
I never expected to meet her in a place like that.
May I go to the toilet?
May I go to the bathroom?
May I go to the restroom?
Where should we go?
I have been to India.
I plan to go there.
He does not like us.
I turned 16.
You'll get used to living here in no time.
I'm pooped.
This fishbowl life is all I need.
One man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter.
More than a third of the world population lives near a coast.
Let's take a ten-minute break.
Could you please pass me the pepper?
It's okay to go.
You'd better go.
You should go.
You should go.
You should go.
Wherever you go, I will follow.
Wherever you go, I will follow.
Are you going or not?
I'll be there right away.
I'll be there at once.
The iPhone is an extraordinary cell phone.
About how long will it take to get there by bus?
How many is nine minus six?
Only six people came to the party.
Only six people came to the party.
It'll soon be six o'clock.
It's almost six.
It's nearly three o'clock.
It'll soon be three o'clock.
It looks like he'll be coming here next month.
The remark you made at the party about Lisa's weight was totally uncalled for.
I don't agree with the theory that one should learn Latin in order to better understand English.
Mr. Sato practices archery on weekends.
Russian girls love Icelanders.
He wrote the report.
Which is better, red thread or white thread?
You're not a doctor.
My father is only fifteen years old.
His brother studies very hard.
She's my best friend.
If we ever came in contact with an alien race, how would we communicate with it?
There must be a way to arrive at a diplomatic solution.
Nancy seldom smiles.
I want more.
I willingly join the Chinese Communist Party.
Tufts is the most dangerous university in the world.
She's a quiet person.
The movie theater was filled with people.
I like movies.
I like movies a lot.
I love movies.
Could you take me to a movie?
She decided to resign.
She decided to resign from her job.
She decided to quit her job.
It's a good question.
My most interesting friend is Jessie.
I live in Hyogo Prefecture.
He's a high school student.
Relax, it's just a scarecrow.
We're used to eating plain food.
Work harder if you plan to succeed.
An electric guitar doesn't sound the same as an acoustic one.
Do you speak German?
There's bamboo growing in the garden.
The Queen's crown was made of gold.
There is no life without electricity and water.
Sometimes, Grandma is more dangerous than the KGB.
I have just finished eating lunch.
That company is managed by a foreigner.
She's in the restroom.
He was very patient.
Hiromi is wearing a new dress.
Hiromi is wearing a new dress.
So that's how it is!
Yea, that's all it is.
He felt perfectly content.
Can you help me with the washing up?
It's difficult to answer this question.
My data-burning software is showing an error message.
I bathe once a day.
And you?
And you?
And you?
The twelve stars on the flag of the European Union do not symbolize the twelve founding members of the union. They symbolize the Twelve Apostles.
He found my bicycle.
I didn't literally translate from English into Japanese.
You guys are totally clueless.
All models are wrong, but some are useful.
I've known Jim since we were children.
"Tatoeba" means "for example" in Japanese.
There's no mistake.
The game will probably be canceled.
The game will probably be called off.
Except for one person, everybody went home.
Don't enter the room without permission.
Don't put books on the table.
Don't throw rocks into the river.
You shouldn't read a book in a room this dim.
He had hoped to succeed, but he didn't.
I couldn't answer all of the questions.
He refuses to accept his old age.
You're no match for him.
Most students agree with the proposal, and made a list of arguments in favour of it.
I will provide you all the necessary information.
I will provide you all the necessary information.
Unfortunately I will not have much free time.
Do you really mean that?
If you're not sweating when you do cardio, then you're not doing it hard enough.
I have a book.
Bread is made from wheat.
You are inferior to me.
You're dating a Keio student, aren't you?
The turbulent sands above our heads, the flinging of our swords... they're naught but falling stars in the night sky.
I'm not a sentence. I should be deleted from Tatoeba.
"Why are you going to Japan?" "To attend a conference in Tokyo."
Does the letter need to be written in English?
I think he'll never return.
I think I lost my keys.
He's fluent in Japanese.
The Pope has no right to marry.
She came home very late.
She woke up.
She woke up.
She woke up.
Yesterday was Thursday.
When are you free?
Tatoeba is created for adding and collecting example sentences.
But Tatoeba Project is not a word heaven. Please stop adding words.
Audio in Tatoeba sentences are provided by Shtooka.
The audio feature is only available in some sentences in Chinese, Dutch, French, German and Shanghainese.
The languages that have been transliterated within the Tatoeba Project are Japanese, Chinese, Shanghainese, Georgian and Uzbek.
Health is more important than wealth.
I wish I were what I was when I wished I were what I am.
We are having a serious talk about your future.
We don't want any freeloaders around here.
I am completely agog over your diaphanous dress.
Your see-through dress really excites me.
The only difference between a bad cook and a poisoner is the intent.
If he hadn't wasted time, he'd be finished by now.
Don't tell anyone this.
I still have another sister.
He has a round face.
He likes to listen to the radio.
He likes to listen to the radio.
He likes listening to the radio.
He likes listening to the radio.
Do you study every day?
Do you study every day?
Do you study every day?
I want to keep my car there.
I've never been abroad before.
He ordered a beer.
Does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as America?
Who's your most interesting friend?
He sat next to the stream.
He sat next to the stream.
About how many English words do you know?
She's neither in the kitchen nor in the living room.
He climbed the stairs.
I get along with my younger brother.
He forgot that he bought her a present.
And if I were gay, would that be a crime?
There are six sentences in Mongolian in Tatoeba as of now.
I'm tired of dancing.
Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me.
In the era of email, I'm so happy when a friend sends me a real letter.
I couldn't sleep well last night because there were lots of things on my mind.
I began to learn Esperanto.
I'm saying "For the sake of Earth's environment," but actually it's "For the sake of the people living on Earth."
It's no big deal.
Where is the most beautiful place in the world?
Such behavior can cause an accident.
Whatever you say, I'll do it my way.
China's developing too quickly.
The natural sciences are harder than the social sciences.
The Geneva University Library has a good reading room.
I was able to find the book I was looking for.
It looks like there are now over two thousand Uyghur sentences on Tatoeba!
Newsflash: People a couple of hundred years ago didn't speak the same as we do.
I can't walk, but I can definitely hobble.
How's your mother?
He turned pale with fright.
I have to go to school.
For a moment I forgot what her name was.
I heard the children's happy voices.
I like taking walks in the woods.
At night, she gazed at the moon.
I only spent three dollars.
I spent last Sunday reading a novel.
She doesn't seem to be an American.
They don't seem to be Americans.
She left the room and went outside.
Waste not a single grain of rice!
But I don't think it's strange at all.
I love Fist of the North Star!
With no work, I can't save any money.
He neglected his duties.
Time will tell.
Do you have any idea what they're talking about?
Do you have a cellphone?
Why didn't the half-cooked steak say hello to the nearly-cooked steak when the two saw each other? They both weren't ready.
Who likes insects?
You can put anything into a hodgepodge.
How many days are there in a week?
It is easy for babies to get sick.
I want to buy.
I met your mother through Facebook. So, if Facebook didn't exist, neither would you, my little angel.
That's bullshit!
That's bullshit!
That's bullshit!
That's bullshit!
My favorite word in German is the word for "glove".
Stephen Colbert is a pretty crazy guy.
If so, then there's no problem at all, is there?
Orange juice, please.
My monkey ran away!
I'd like an orange juice.
What do you plan to major in at college?
I remember meeting you before.
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
Ill weeds grow apace.
Well prepared means no worries.
It's all just a big misunderstanding.
Mr. Johnson's room was a large one.
How many months have you been pregnant?
Hi.
Hi.
She has a flower in her hand.
He likes fishing.
There is only one bath towel.
If he keeps drinking like that, he'll have to take a taxi home.
I was just in the shower.
I was just showering.
I was showering a moment ago.
Facebook is blocked in China.
You can call me anytime you like.
I mistook Ann for her sister.
He mistook me for my twin brother.
He mistook me for my mother.
He mistook me for an Englishman.
She mistook me for Mr. Tamori.
She mistook me for my brother.
She mistook my brother for me.
I mistook him for Mr. Brown.
I mistook him for his brother.
We mistook him for an American.
Nicholas and Maria love each other.
Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us, and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
Mayuko designed her own clothes.
My father's hobby is fishing.
The unicorn is a fabulous monster.
I am trying to learn English.
Wang Lao Ji isn't beer. It's tea.
Where's the nearest telephone booth?
The frog in the well.
English is difficult, innit?
Nobody is too old to learn.
Nobody is too old to learn.
She didn't tell me her secret.
She had the nerve to speak out.
She had the nerve to speak out.
She'll love her husband forever.
Water is important for people.
They all searched for the lost child.
They all looked for the lost child.
They all looked for the lost child.
You can buy it at any bookstore.
You should have studied harder.
You shouldn't have gone there.
Crap! I fell for his trap!
You'd better not have eaten the cake.
You'd better not have driven my car.
I'll have to get my parent's permission to go to the dance with you.
When I was a child, I was spanked if I did something wrong.
He said that he had told you to speak more slowly.
Man doesn't eat man.
He's my first love.
She's my first love.
She's my first love.
Forgive me, my love.
The distance between stars is measured in light years.
Don't show your face around here again.
My plans failed one after the other.
There's a soccer match tomorrow.
The soccer game is tomorrow.
Sooner or later, we'll know the truth.
Has the mailman already come?
Mr. Wilson is angry at Dennis.
She is dieting.
The pizza delivery guy hasn't come by yet.
Please send me a letter.
You'll be able to see the difference very easily.
You'll be able to see the difference very easily.
Moderate exercise is necessary for good health.
How many prefectures are there in Japan?
Everyone was invited, except for me.
I don't trust businessmen.
What is your favorite sentence?
I plan to work in a brothel.
I'm neither an Athenian nor a Greek.
He has to repair the clock.
There are only 80 Uyghurs in Switzerland.
I have one brother and two sisters.
He's often mistaken for a student.
A swarm of hornets attacked the children.
That factory makes toys.
I don't remember mailing the letter.
I've spent 500 dollars in one day.
Haven't I met you before?
Don't make fun of people.
We don't have any sugar.
If I'd known the truth, I'd have told you.
Please keep this secret.
Where's the boss?
I sometimes watch TV.
I have to find a part-time job.
No one can have three different birth dates.
Some believe that the British Royal Family is directly descended from the line of King David.
One language is never enough.
I usually get up at 8.
I usually get up at 8.
He's also a salesman.
He's a salesman too.
"Michael" is a man's name, but "Michelle" is a woman's name.
Because of the change in Canadian marriage laws, many American homosexuals came to Canada to get married.
Cosmetic surgery is not covered by most insurance plans.
Christopher Columbus wasn't an explorer because he loved the sea. He was an explorer because he hated Spanish jails.
Christopher Columbus wasn't an explorer because he loved the sea. He was an explorer because he hated Spanish jails.
The tree was felled with one hard blow of his ax.
Both spellings are correct.
This is not a sentence.
This is not a sentence.
Measure thrice, cut once.
I'm disturbing you.
You're going to turn a lot of heads with that dress.
This is a very time-consuming task.
White carpets are very hard to keep clean.
Draw me a sheep.
When two armies oppose one another, those who can fight should fight, those who can't fight should guard, those who can't guard should flee, those who can't flee should surrender, and those who can't surrender should die.
I always keep promises.
No matter what you say, the answer is "no."
I can't remember.
I can't remember.
I don't remember.
He climbed Mt. Fuji.
I ate breakfast in my pajamas.
I had lost a camera the previous day.
My cat peers bemusedly at her reflection in the water.
We all breathed a big sigh of relief.
You can use my car if you like.
We helped them as well.
We helped them as well.
It sounds like they're not going to leave.
What are you hinting at?
What are you hinting at?
What are you hinting at?
Why did you lie?
No prob.
No problem.
No worries.
"Honey, come to bed." "No, not yet. I still have to translate some sentences on Tatoeba."
Your nickname is quite lovely.
Never knew before what eternity was made for. It is to give some of us a chance to learn German.
Pharamp wants Trang all for herself.
Wounds heal as time passes.
The book was published in 1689.
It sounds like he's going to Kashgar.
It sounds like he is going to Kashgar.
Once, I got lost inside a tree.
The two old men while away the time playing cards.
All my cakes are delicious!
I had hoped that my mother would live until I got married.
I like taking walks.
I made some mistakes on the test.
How much is a beer?
Where is the closest metro stop?
These are boys and those are girls.
I heard that you're not coming.
My house is close to the school.
The room key, please.
Are you in a good mood?
We had neither known nor heard about it.
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.
They speak English in Australia.
We're learning Chinese.
He's studying Chinese.
Where's the closest pharmacy?
This won't help you.
This is really delicious.
I'm not kidding.
We waded into the cold water inch by inch.
The Swiss keyboard doesn't have a ß.
Nobody had ever heard of it.
Nobody had ever heard of it.
Italian is my mother tongue.
You don't know how much I love you.
I want to visit Korea.
High calorie foods are bad for my health.
It looks like they're satisfied with the result.
Wise men talk about ideas, intellectuals about facts, and the ordinary man talks about what he eats.
This is my sister.
I want to visit South Korea.
My father walks.
By the time that he tried 966, Dima was beginning to give up hope.
No smoking in the theater.
He muttered something under his breath.
Victory and defeat aren't solely decided by the size of your army.
I've tried calling him all day, but the line is busy.
According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the word 'set' has 430 different meanings or senses.
You're really something.
That's exactly what it means!
Look! The train has arrived!
I write everything down; I feel uneasy without my notebook.
The lawyer warned his client against testifying, but he did it anyway.
The shooting victim is alive, but just barely.
Jesus is said to have raised a man from the dead.
It's the truth.
You aren't quite right about that — let me explain.
Never forget to lock the door.
My body aches all over.
For many gay men, coming out of the closet is a difficult experience.
The newborn chicks still have not opened their eyes.
He was surrounded by a throng of reporters.
Between you and me, he has a shallow way of thinking.
My gums bleed.
I prefer milk to juice.
The wedding will be held in a 17th century church.
You can express the sentence this way.
I would kill for a plate of polo right now.
Come sing with me.
My grandfather goes for a walk every morning.
You're ten times heavier than I am.
I'd prefer to speak to you in private.
You've got two books?
You have two books?
Did you pick up on that strange tone in his voice?
So, what else is new?
I'm back.
The Devil made me do it.
It was in 1832 that Evariste Galois fell in love with Stephanie-Felicie Poterin du Motel.
I'm obliged to find a way out of the resulting situation.
My son wants to become a professional golf player.
It seems that Ali is very interested in Myrmecology.
Both victory and defeat are but an everyday occurrence to a soldier.
In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
Kiss me.
Time is money.
David Beckham is English.
Don't let the dog in.
Dutch is a Low Franconian language.
He's a master of provocation.
I love music, particularly classical.
I'm a student.
I'm a college student.
I'm a university student.
They decided to get married.
Give me a cigarette.
She's promised to give me a ring.
There's around 6 billion people in the world.
One must pay for freedom.
Young man, enjoy yourself while you are young!
How many friends do you have?
What did you do during the holidays?
What are you doing right now?
What are you doing right now?
What does that gentleman do for a living?
He looks old, but he hasn't reached 30 yet.
All of the dogs were alive.
Seeing that, he stood up.
My father bought me a bicycle.
You're really too kind.
You're really too kind.
You're really too kind.
Ulaanbaatar is the capital of Mongolia.
I gave my dad a tambourine as a gift.
He died when he was 54 years old.
She stopped to smoke a cigarette.
Spring will be here soon.
Where are we?
I don't need anything... just a new pair of pants.
You can lie to everyone else, but you can't lie to yourself.
Russians never smile.
I see dead people.
Are you still alive, Sysko?
I wanted to become a philosopher.
She's just jealous of your youth.
When an Uyghur met a Belarusian, what language did the two speak to each other?
You don't understand. He'll kill you.
A cat abhors a vacuum.
Cats hate vacuum cleaners.
I hate Mondays.
Optimism is merely a lack of information.
There's a pyramid in Mexico bigger than any of those in Egypt.
What's done is done.
Let's play a game of blind man's buff.
I'll gladly pay you anytime.
Love if you want to be loved!
My wallet was stolen on the bus.
In Australia, English is spoken.
Uyghur is a Turkic language.
You know so many things about the Chinese language... It's just as if you were Chinese yourself.
There's something I need to tell you, and I know you're not going to like it.
Many people study Japanese so they can read manga.
What do you have planned tomorrow?
Don't forget us!
Who is the current representative from France?
Be careful on your way back home.
Children need a lot of sleep.
There are more clouds today than yesterday.
She sang better than him.
He'll wait for you.
Brilliant people have one major drawback - they don't know how to lose.
Let me introduce you to my parents.
Have you ever seen such a nice film?
Today, my classmate saw you guys shopping at Auchan.
I hope that your brother is better.
I need help.
I'm sending you a birthday present by airmail.
Daniel looks like an Uyghur.
She doesn't have a driver's license.
His daughter has become a pretty woman.
Translation is like a woman. If it is beautiful, it is not faithful. If it is faithful, it is most certainly not beautiful.
You stay up until two in the morning. You're such a night owl!
I think you are mixed race, because you look a bit Chinese.
A perfect map would have to be as big as the territory it represents.
"But tell us, just what did you kill him for?" "For love."
Can't we just be friends?
Do not translate this sentence!
They're unlikely to get married.
He speaks French fluently.
The house is cold.
We enjoyed watching TV.
"To hire a good lawyer?" Al-Sayib asked.
When I was inside my mother's womb, I looked through my mother's navel at the house where I would be born and I thought: "No way I'm going there".
Only a few people came to the meeting yesterday.
What's the title of the book?
Possible side effects include blurred vision and shortness of breath.
A candle without a wick is no candle at all.
This shot will help numb the pain.
In my dream I dreamt that I was dreaming.
I saw you cooking.
We've lost 3 to 0.
I have returned.
I've returned.
We're having a barbeque on Sunday.
What time will you get back? I'll treat you to a meal.
She didn't think so.
Love your neighbour.
This place gives me a really bad vibe.
If I knew that, I'd tell you.
Speaking of Mr. Tanaka, have you seen him lately?
I don't like eggs.
I don't like eggs.
My mother isn't at home.
He's an author.
It's snowing today.
That's a tower.
He's studying.
He's studying.
He's the oldest son.
He's the oldest son.
I'll be back in a jiffy.
Maybe my grandchild will be the first person to set foot on Mars.
What's your hobby?
She often eats breakfast there.
Where is my dad?
There's an important difference between talking "with" someone and talking "to" them.
Manholes are round because that way they won't accidentally fall through the hole.
I can't believe he had the balls to ask the boss for a raise.
We went to a secondary school to invigilate today.
Not every child likes apples.
Is that your car?
She is a true witch!
Think before you act!
You killed my father, and today I'll have my vengeance.
My boyfriend looks like your girlfriend.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
It will be best if you stay at home to rest today.
My friends invited me to supper.
This conference is very important. Don't miss it.
Nobody will know.
Did you listen at all to what I said?
Excuse me, let me point out three mistakes in the above article.
We'll talk about this in detail later.
Welcome back. We missed you!
Welcome back. We missed you!
He went home three hours later.
His wife is our Italian teacher.
It was just a joke. Lighten up!
Can you drive a manual transmission?
If geometry is the science of space, what is the science of time?
A stay of execution was ordered at the eleventh hour.
I had my fortune read by an old lady with an eery-looking glass eye.
The space race was an exciting time in history.
Step out of the car and place your hands behind your back.
Parents try to impress upon their children the importance of honesty and hard work.
I give up. What do an Irish priest and Congolese witch doctor have in common?
The room was jam-packed with reporters waiting for the press conference to begin.
Don't get sassy with me young lady!
It's very big of you to admit you're wrong.
When Dad finds out what you've done, he's going to hit the roof.
I'm going to run a couple of errands. Wanna tag along?
"Thanks a lot for letting me play with your Xbox." "No problem dude, knock yourself out."
Oh, how we laughed!
The best hairdressers are gay.
How do you say...?
His brazen act of defiance almost cost him his life.
What do you think of the new movie?
Yesterday my uncle bought a dog.
Don't forget your money.
Don't forget your money.
I've been walking for over four hours.
My father will recover soon.
Even though he is my neighbour, I did not know him well.
Now shake hands and make up.
If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.
Harry had to back out of the competition because of a broken arm.
Test pilots are constantly tempting fate.
Someone has ripped out the first three pages of this book.
The boat can still be seen.
To me, it is important.
I don't like to make mistakes.
You can't seriously expect that they won't recognize you in that disguise. That lopsided, dime store moustache is a dead giveaway!
Is there something you want to get off your chest? Come on, you can tell me.
Time is of the essence, Paul. If you don't tell her how you feel now, you'll never have another chance.
The jacket, which I wanted, costed three hundred dollars.
You didn't need to buy the book.
This is a city of real historical value.
She showed him the photo.
Tatoeba: We've got more sentences than your mom could ever say in her lifetime.
Do you believe there are ghosts?
Do you believe ghosts exist?
Do you understand what I mean?
Tatoeba: Better to make no sense than no sentence!
The train slowed and blared its horn as it approached the railway crossing.
He craned his neck a bit in hopes of hearing what they were whispering.
He craned his neck a bit in hopes of hearing what they were whispering.
In Asian culture it's customary to take one's shoes off before entering a house or temple.
She got all dolled up for her big date.
I have to wear earplugs to drown out all the noise from the construction site next door.
The populations of China and India dwarf those of every other nation.
English is not my mother tongue.
I always say yes!
I've lived here since I was a boy.
Please have a drink.
Who was that you were with last night?
They were marooned on a desert isle.
They were marooned on a desert isle.
My dad gives me a weekly allowance that I use to buy comics and ice cream.
Susan, I'm sorry if I led you on but the truth is that I'm just not interested.
What do you want to do today?
We want complete sentences.
Don't change sentences that are correct. You can, instead, submit natural-sounding alternative translations.
Don't add sentences from copyrighted sources.
We want natural-sounding translations, not word-for-word direct translations.
Make a good translation of the sentence that you are translating. Don't let translations into other languages influence you.
Don't add annotations.
Date of last revision of this page: 2010-11-03
You don't need to call me.
It saddens me to hear you say that.
We celebrate November 28 as Tatoeba day because it is the day when Turkish, Esperanto and Greek were added.
He committed suicide by taking poison.
In China, the 11th of November is Singles Day.
One language is never enough.
I'll never leave you.
My younger brother is watching TV.
The waterways branch out across the plain.
I will need to think for a while before I answer you.
The bus stop is located right outside where I live.
A dog's sense of smell is much keener than a human's.
During droughts, farmers are barely able to eke out a living.
You obtained more than me.
I don't know where my watch is.
People show up bright on an infrared camera because of their body heat.
I'm very worried about my weight.
I have to get some sleep.
Worrying doesn't take away tomorrow's concerns, but it does take away today's power.
The weather yesterday was horrible.
"May I use your pencil?" "Yes, you may."
I'm crazy for you!
I'm sad without you.
Your intelligence is as vast as the distance between Bombay and Mumbai.
I speak Interlingua.
Your grammar is better than your breath.
Maybe I shouldn't tell you this, but I am truly mesmerized by your beauty.
It was a pleasure to spend the evening with a smart, funny and beautiful girl like you.
It's rare to meet nice people like you.
I couldn't take my eyes off of you from the minute I entered this room.
The sound of your voice is like siren's song to me.
Did you meet him recently?
It exists, but seeing as it is taboo and that nobody talks about it, there's no need to have words for it.
How do you know they're not just giving you a weird look because you have a funny face?
I dare not probe too deeply, lest I uncover the awful truth!
That's true.
That's true.
Let's go out to eat.
He's suffering from acute pain in his life.
They have eyes but they do not see - ears, and they do not hear.
I understood what she said.
Are you going to come tomorrow?
Do you come here often?
What did you drink?
Let's go to the club.
Please speak more clearly.
Isn't it a bit small?
How far away are we?
It is very simple.
We've just received intelligence that the enemy is waiting in ambush two miles down the road.
A moldy loaf of bread lay on the table.
It was all more and more surprising.
Cows give milk.
Did they understand?
Many Americans are obese.
The price of gas is rising.
These are my books, and those are his books.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
When did you come to China?
When did you learn to swim?
When did you learn how to swim?
My house has two flights of stairs.
She might be leaving.
I've got married ten years ago.
Ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty, seventy, eighty, ninety, hundred.
In 1900 he left England, never to return.
Ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty, seventy, eighty, ninety, one hundred.
Was this wall built to keep people out or to keep them in?
Where's the nearest underground station?
Where's the nearest tube station?
We all chipped in to buy our teacher a birthday present.
I found the secret compartment quite by accident.
Cats hate to get wet.
She wouldn't let up until I agreed to go to the movies with her.
He swam until he could swim no more.
I'm the king of the world!
Get lost!
Get lost!
I can't get over it.
Prolonging the discussion will bring us nowhere.
Languages aren't his forte.
It looks like it's going to snow.
I want to go to Italy.
I'll call you.
If anybody is still absent, please send their names to me.
I put the money into the safe.
Just because it's in Tatoeba.org's database, doesn't mean it's a sentence.
Is the rat alive or dead?
Give it to them.
I'll wait here until she comes.
We don't have much time. Let's hurry.
I'm sure that he'll succeed.
I'll remember you forever.
It is not easy to catch a hare with your bare hands.
Correct!
We agree.
She's way taller than me.
It belongs to my brother.
We're almost like brothers.
We're just like brothers.
Man cannot live forever.
A female friend of mine loves to go to gay bars with me.
Prospectuses must be signed by two sponsor representatives.
A cup of coffee, please.
You should understand, this is serious.
What is the filling in these dumplings?
I'm actually relatively good at written language, but with spoken language I often can't remember the tone on some word.
See you tonight! See you soon!
This novel is boring.
I bought a second badminton racket for myself, but I forgot to buy a shuttlecock.
Life is hard.
She is the most boring girl I ever knew.
One cup of coffee, please.
He took her in his arms to help her, but she couldn't stand.
My friend asked me if I was feeling all right.
How do you do that?
I felt light as a feather.
He does not have the money for buying a new car.
I don't like anything.
Once he had written the letter, he sent it.
Please find a solution to the problem.
Chinese is much more difficult than other foreign languages.
Would you please explain the rules to me?
She found a job as a typist.
I got a new pair of shoes.
She made a serious mistake.
We should call the police.
We should call the police.
You should begin with easier questions.
We should call the doctor.
We should cancel the hike.
Would you like some scrambled egg?
I can't understand what you're saying.
I've never met anyone who was able to learn how to play basketball just by reading a book. The same holds true for learning foreign languages as well.
If one day you leave, I will be very sad.
He told me sadly, "I'm not sure whether I should be alive".
I think fondly of my childhood.
The girl in the picture is smiling.
Do you speak Turkish?
Where's the bathroom?
These adjectives are all positive.
She stayed in that area for a short while.
Let me go, you're choking me.
I regret telling you.
I regret having told you.
If only I can go to the concert!
Who's going with me?
Do you need help carrying anything?
I bumped into him in London.
Don't read that kind of book.
She is a singer without equal.
You should use words to make sentences, rather than try to learn them with rote memorisation.
He likes not only baseball but football as well.
I like to take things apart to see what makes them tick.
He lives in a cozy little house.
I'll boil the potatoes for you.
She frequently gets sugar and salt mixed up.
Tom and Jim are the same height.
Welcome to Tatoeba!
He read English Literature at Oxford University.
Jesus hates you.
In this society where everything is disposable, it is a virtue to use something until it wears out.
I think your new hair color looks good.
You should read many books when you are young.
That film is for children.
What is the difference between a piano and a fish?
Have you put winter tyres on your car, yet?
You cannot eat your cake and keep it.
She has a real knack for getting people to do what she wants.
He crashed his car because someone tampered with the brakes.
Have you bought a raffle ticket yet?
Sir, that CD is available only by special order.
I think this lamp has a short because the light comes on only if I jiggle the cord.
The senator was censured by the congressional ethics committee.
A drop of mustard fell and stained my tie during lunch.
If you run into Mr. Lang, don't forget to ask him how his wife is doing.
The sports world should, at this time, eliminate the collusion with criminal organizations.
I consider you one of my closest friends.
Give me a chance to make you proud of me.
He thinks he knows everything.
He had his girlfriend blow on the dice for luck before he threw them.
When I was a teenager I had lots of hair on my head and none on my chest. Now it's just the opposite.
I wonder if a day will come when money will be something found only in museums.
I bet my friend $100 that he wouldn't eat a live cockroach. I lost!
My father and I nursed my sister back to health after her accident.
What you see is what you get.
No matter which musical instrument you want to learn to play, the most important thing is not to make any mistakes from the beginning on, because mistakes are always imprinted on your mind more easily than everything you do right.
Our team lost all of its games.
In many cases, the image that comes to mind when you listen to music is that of the CD's artwork.
You have to acquire real skills, not just superficial knowledge.
I don't believe that some day a majority of the world's population will speak Esperanto.
I was shocked by the dog that sprang out of the darkness.
On the table there are some books.
That cloud looks like a rabbit to me.
Somehow I thought you'd say that.
The earthworm wriggled when I touched it.
My hands were shaking too much to thread the needle.
"Have you seen my cell phone?" "It's on the table."
That's cheap, isn't it?
That's cheap, isn't it?
Get well soon!
It seems that the policeman in this TV series is a dirty cop who abuses his authority.
Just pull the door shut. It'll lock by itself.
Sorry, I was dining and I didn't see the message.
I can't decide if I'm happy or sad.
It's already 7:00.
A caged cricket eats just as much as a free cricket.
The crane, unlike the dog, has never dreamed of flying.
I gave her her dictionary back.
I shouldn't have told you anything.
Bye!
Bye!
The only thing I have now are memories.
Thanks for adding me as a friend.
I'm alive in Tokyo.
This horror movie is really scary. I couldn't sleep after I watched it.
My brother has become a priest.
Was there enough money?
Was there enough money?
Suddenly he saw me.
It shocked me!
I follow my mom's example.
You are too, son!
The two boys are quarreling.
My name's Jack.
I still remember his name.
Stop that!
My camera can shoot high-definition video.
Since I installed solar panels on my house, my energy bill has been cut in half.
It's more polite to say thin than skinny.
I was nine years old when I asked my mom if Santa Claus really existed.
Would it be ethical to sacrifice one person to save many?
The new Harry Potter movie is pretty lame.
It's hard to tell if that's the sound of children laughing or screaming.
I've heard it said that English is for making money, French for making love, and Spanish for praying to God.
We have less than five minutes to evacuate the whole building.
My blood type is A positive.
It's a pity they're getting divorced.
What do you have to lose by asking her out on a date? A little pride maybe?
We know it's difficult, but please don't translate literally.
Please say hello to your family on my behalf.
Not again!
The boy carved his name into the tree.
Are there always so many people here?
Turn right at the next intersection.
Do you speak Klingon?
Why is he angry?
Why is he angry?
The capital of the Ukraine is Kiev.
His speech lasted three hours.
Stay with us.
Nothing is more valuable than friendship.
Without a wife, a man is worth nothing.
I need a new pair of shoes.
You have to give three months' rent as a deposit.
I was thinking that I would go there by bicycle, but it began to rain.
The word is no longer in use.
I'd like a fish.
I'd like a fish.
His father died last year.
We ate Peking duck in the Chinese restaurant.
One hundred, two hundred, three hundred, four hundred, five hundred, six hundred, seven hundred, eight hundred, nine hundred, one thousand.
Today is Saturday.
My wife bought a new pram.
It is a stereotype that police officers always eat doughnuts.
I don't understand why pepperoni pizza is so popular.
It seems that most people only barbeque in the summer.
I help my mother with the housework every day.
If you don't know what your goal is, you'll never be able to achieve it.
I don't want to live alone.
I don't want to live alone.
When she heard the news, she sighed disappointedly.
He doesn't trust the doctor any more.
Whether it's white or black, a cat that chases mice is a good cat.
You can count on her.
Who am I? How did I come to be?
This hotel is far from deserving the four stars the guidebook gives it.
An argument may be logically sound without being true.
I hear the grass in England is green even in the winter.
The capital of Ukraine is Kiev.
In this album all the sounds that you hear are really elaborate computer voices.
Your car is fast, but mine is faster.
Repetition is the mother of memory.
On the day of my birthday, my friends made me drink and I caused quite an uproar.
Most young people have a mobile phone.
Is it love?
This is fucking cool.
Nobody can know everything.
December has thirty-one days.
Marriage is the main cause of all divorces.
Words fly, texts remain.
I know that life is short.
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with you?
Please sit here.
I'll be back within a couple of hours.
She said that she had to be back before dawn.
You think you're awake, but you may, in fact, be dreaming.
He wound a bandage around the wound.
I've decided that we won't go.
It's none of your business!
Don't hate me!
Not everything can be bought with money.
The amount of people on Facebook is greater than the population of the United States of America.
Ladies first!
It's my fault, not yours.
This guitar is so expensive that I can't buy it.
I like watching movies.
Isn't that good?
Action speaks louder than words, but not nearly as often.
All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.
Apparently, there is nothing that cannot happen today.
Be respectful to your superiors, if you have any.
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.
Everybody talks about the weather, but nobody does anything about it.
Facts are stubborn things, but statistics are pliable.
It's easy to make friends, but hard to get rid of them.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Eat a live frog every morning, and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.
If we were supposed to talk more than listen, we would have been given two mouths and one ear.
It is my pleasure to wait for a beautiful lady.
This is my father.
This is my father.
To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?
I have to get up quite early tomorrow.
He explained the plan's main objective.
I installed an anti-theft device onto my bike.
I want to play on the computer.
I'm originally from China.
One person hides something, and ten people look for it.
I want to climb this mountain.
What did you do at that moment?
Not all of us were satisfied with the system.
Please show me the schedule.
There are four seasons in this country.
There are many good reasons not to do it.
The more cheese, the more holes. The more holes, the less cheese. Thus: The more cheese, the less cheese.
Number unobtainable.
The bird likes rice.
That documentary about the environmental crisis was a real eye-opener.
Nobody wants it.
He ran.
These are the bluest blueberries I have ever seen. They're almost unnaturally blue.
The sky today is the bluest that I've ever seen it.
Some of the bluest water in the world is found in Crater Lake.
You run.
He runs.
She runs.
He runs faster than I.
I don't give a fuck about what you say!
I don't have any enemies.
I'll monitor your progress from my computer.
It was cold, so we lit a fire.
It is hard for me to believe this.
He has a nice income.
I went to bed at ten yesterday.
I would like to play golf.
He'll be back in ten.
This goblet is made of gold.
I can't remember when he moved to Boston.
She needs our help.
A man chooses; a slave obeys.
There was a beautiful woman with black hair in the park.
Every time I listen to this song, I cry.
Are you open for business on Sunday?
Your plans are very good, but mine are better than yours.
Your plan is very good, but mine is better.
She lives in Kyoto.
English isn't my first language.
I have two children.
Bears can climb trees.
How many colors are there?
Where are you guys from?
In the sphere of thought, absurdity and perversity remain the masters of the world, and their dominion is suspended only for brief periods.
He was hit by a car and died instantly.
There isn't a cloud in the sky.
Where are you now?
He has some foreign books that cannot be found in Japan.
This is my first love.
I love jokes.
They're able students.
I don't want to talk about the weather.
They didn't act quickly.
Do you want to be an actor in a movie?
Tom admitted to spilling the red wine.
Can you say that again?
The first airplane flew in 1903 for twelve seconds.
We arrived at the airport three hours before our flight.
Do you like to be alone?
Pandas are beautiful animals.
Pandas are beautiful animals.
Pandas are beautiful animals.
Smoke appeared.
The mountains were all around the city.
The mountains were all around the city.
I paid the bill.
How many kinds of birds are in your backyard?
Tom broke some bones in his arm and hand.
Tom was born on May 5, 2010.
There is sand at the bottom of the ocean.
The dog is sitting by the bowl.
The company cancelled the meeting.
He's a citizen of China.
This product claims to help you lose weight.
What's your favorite climate?
Tom's explanation was too complex.
Customs include food, celebrations and dancing.
How deep is the hole?
I'd like to discuss something with you.
Do you have enough food?
The dog is trying to escape.
Tom has a lot of experience in computers.
The largest bedroom faces south.
We were on the train for ten hours.
Freedom is the center of American democracy.
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius.
When water freezes it becomes ice.
Fresh food is wonderful.
Fresh fruits and vegetables are good for your health.
They became friends in elementary school.
We spent the weekend with friends.
Marriage frightens some people.
Scary movies will frighten the children.
Is bungee jumping frightening or fun?
This movie is frightening to the children.
The school is five kilometers from my home.
Put the chair in front of the desk.
They wanted a wedding picture in front of the Eiffel Tower.
Coal and natural gas are natural fuels.
The bus is full. You'll have to wait for the next one.
The fuel tank in the car is full.
The streets in Tokyo are full on Saturdays.
Tom's funeral will be this weekend.
The funeral was yesterday.
Jazz fusion is a combination of rock and jazz.
You gain more than you spend when you go to college.
Tom has gained weight.
Monopoly is a popular game for families to play.
What's your favorite game to play with friends?
I smell gas.
Tom puts gas in his car twice a week.
Some diseases are caused by a defective gene.
I broke a glass when I did the dishes.
Gravity brings everything down to Earth.
You can dig dirt from the ground.
I'd like to buy half a cake.
It's good exercise to climb hills.
Our fence is made of iron.
I love jokes about animals.
I kept the $20 I found in the street.
The kitchen lacks a dishwasher.
Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest lake in the world.
Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest lake in the world.
The legal system in America is the world's finest.
Mary has a bad back. It's hard for her to lift things.
Have you got a light?
A light bulb gives light.
Tom has been struck by lightning three times.
Tom drew a straight line on the paper.
My mother gave me her sewing machine.
This factory manufactures electric stoves.
They eat meat once a week.
An hour has sixty minutes, and a minute has sixty seconds.
Tom loves studying music.
You must go outside if you want to smoke.
News of the recent blast is all over the radio.
The compass points to the north.
The house was full of colorful art objects.
The soldiers occupied the building.
The speaker's comments were highly offensive.
Mary offered Tom a gift.
Come in, the door's open.
They went in opposite directions.
Many moons orbit around Saturn.
It takes 165 years for Neptune to orbit around the sun.
Mary placed her baby in a car seat for the flight.
Earth is a planet.
Sewage often pollutes the ocean.
The population is growing.
Tom had no reason to be angry.
Research on the causes of cancer is very expensive.
I resigned from my position as club treasurer.
A drunk driver was responsible for the car accident.
Do you know which road leads to my house?
The children rolled down the hill.
Young children are often fascinated by science.
Spring is my favorite season.
In severe weather, it's best to stay indoors.
Shouting at your computer will not help.
I love the sound of children laughing.
Be quiet, please! Don't make a sound.
There's no space in the room for another bed.
I have a special relationship with my aunt.
Tom only wears a suit on special occasions.
America is made up of 50 states.
Teenagers often wear strange clothes.
Mary succeeded in her studies.
All Americans have to pay their taxes.
You can see the stars using a telescope.
I got these earrings from my grandmother.
These apples look very fresh.
This book is very thick.
The dress is made of a thin fabric.
I need a tool for pulling weeds in my garden.
They both cried after hearing the tragic news.
In some countries, the punishment for treason can be life in prison.
The river flows under the bridge.
My daughter graduated from the university today.
Tom doesn't like eating vegetables.
This dictionary isn't the most recent version.
She was born in a remote village in Nepal.
Which countries have you visited?
You should wash your hands before you eat.
The family is watching a movie together.
Tom won $10,000 in the lottery.
I was born in the winter.
Today, many people worry about losing their jobs.
A wounded whale washed up on the beach.
Mary treated her wounded knee.
After the hurricane, their house was a wreck.
A hundred people were hurt in a train wreck.
Driving on a slippery road can lead to a car wreck.
I wrote the wrong address on the envelope.
Parents teach their children that it's wrong to lie.
Be careful not to drive the wrong way on a one-way street.
The x-ray showed two broken fingers.
Dentists take x-rays to examine your teeth.
The doctors are looking at an x-ray.
Tom has lived in Chicago for a year.
What year is it?
I love my yellow sweater.
In the United States, school buses are yellow.
Tom's birthday was yesterday.
Yesterday was the last day of school.
Scientists haven't found a cure for cancer yet.
There are two zeros in the number "2010."
Zero comes before one.
I'm coming from the garden.
The dog followed its master, wagging its tail.
Deep down, everyone is rich and beautiful, but we don't know how to express it!
It snowed more this year than last.
If I had money, I'd buy this computer.
He described the incident in detail.
The batteries in my calculator are dead.
We can see things in the distance using a telescope.
Have you eaten?
Have you eaten?
Is this true?
Oh my god, it's delicious!
Stop resisting!
American medical fees are very high.
Compared to Tokyo, London is small.
He returned from China.
He returned from China.
It is difficult to catch a rabbit by hand.
Quite a lot of friends and acquaintances have come.
What languages do you speak?
Your book is here.
It seems like he knows the secret.
I want to see this movie.
I want to watch this film.
My heart beats fast.
I don't dare to kill animals.
Long hair is out of fashion.
We walked for a long time.
See you next week.
Put on the hat.
He is twice as old as I am.
There will be a lot of birthday cards sent soon.
I have a lot of books.
I still haven't found what I am looking for.
We need his help.
I love my father.
She is lying on the table.
Out of all four seasons, I like spring the best.
You're always making mistakes.
I get along well with him.
We toured all the major cities.
I really like these stories.
It is not very spicy.
He wants to come with us.
I don't have money.
The audience applauded his efforts.
What is your phone number?
What is your phone number?
What is your phone number?
What room would you like to reserve?
What room would you like to reserve?
Which t-shirt is red?
What's the name of my doctor?
What's the weather like today?
When do you drink coffee?
When do you eat dinner?
Where do they live?
Where is mom?
Who is the Administrative Assistant?
Who is the secretary?
Would you mind leaving it until tomorrow?
Yes, this one is very nice. How much does it cost?
You are welcome.
Do you need the keys?
You'll have to get a move on if you want to catch the train.
You can use this phone.
You're very sexy.
Yesterday, my father came to my house to help me with the air conditioning.
The meeting between the school and the business is scheduled to be held on the 26th of December.
I'll leave this with you.
My father isn't home yet.
Smoking kills.
If human life is convex, we can optimize it.
Someone was coerced to kill the politician.
Please can you pass over the salt?
You gave a bad example.
I was told I would feel better after this medicine.
Somebody is shouting my name.
Someone's shouted my name.
Do you speak Chinese well?
Do you speak Chinese well?
The earth revolves on its axis once every 24 hours.
Don't put anything in the bag.
That bag looks expensive.
I haven't eaten for days.
My credit card was stolen on the subway.
The main type of tree in this part of the forest is the cypress.
I discovered the truth.
There has never been a savior nor an immortal emperor to rely on.
Are you a member of a party?
He made an official visit to the French president the day before yesterday.
For Valentine's day, I used rose petals to spell out my sweetheart's name.
Italy is a peninsula.
The computer means making the form is easy.
We need to band together to beat the enemy.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
An intellectual is a person who has discovered something more interesting than sex.
This word doesn't exist in French.
My mother often slaps passers-by.
I spent the whole day cleaning up the room.
I've never had Chinese food.
What about you?
I like to travel.
I need to find something interesting to do.
Come, Emilia! Your father is waiting for you.
I may win if I have luck.
Where can we make a phone call?
It's exactly what I wanted.
Fabien has a lot of good ideas.
Idiot!
Bangkok is the capital of Thailand.
Stop gawking.
This time I will not come back.
Her father won't come, he is really busy.
Can I have a cup of tea?
The computer is broken.
Come in, it's cold outside.
I think you've mistaken me for someone else.
The medication should be administered topically.
The cough syrup has a licorice flavoring.
She tossed me grapes and I tried to catch them with my mouth.
I don't have a stamp collection, but I have a Japanese postcard collection that I could use as an excuse to invite him.
Thou shalt not kill.
You will fail.
She said that she would dance with me if I brought her red roses.
It will be spring soon.
There are some songs from Scotland.
I know who my enemy is.
What is written on the road sign? - ONE WAY.
Duh.
Hi, my name is Omid.
This event suddenly happened on its own.
He is a doctor and an author.
Tomorrow I'm going to Paris.
He can speak Japanese.
He's able to speak Japanese.
Oh, hush!
This has nothing to do with me.
In a democracy, it is important for journalism to be independent.
The battery of my MP3-player was empty.
Bros before hoes.
Good luck on the test!
She loves to fish.
Can you solve this problem?
The concert lasted about three hours.
I'm open to suggestions.
Who do you live with?
Who do you live with?
Do not fear the unexpected, but be prepared for it.
My bike is stolen.
I'll call as soon as I am at the airport.
If you make a mess, clean it up.
There's no telling what he'll do next.
I sure hope this is a dream.
Thanks for your advice.
Thanks for your gift.
Thanks for your answer.
You're the best.
That man was wearing a tiger mask.
Don't be afraid to make a mistake.
You're welcome!
I don't sugar my coffee.
I like sashimi.
It would be great if you could sing.
More coffee, please.
I'm holding a book.
Do not fear the heavens and the earth, but be afraid of hearing a person from Wenzhou speak in their local tongue.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
The King of France is bald.
Call a taxicab to take us.
Our sister bought some eggplants, potatoes, zucchinis and Chinese cabbage at the market.
That word is of Greek origin.
That word is of Greek origin.
This is new.
I have a new bicycle.
There are many different people in Europe.
We don't like our neighbors, and they don't like us, either.
I'd like to be a millionaire.
Do you speak Esperanto?
Through which city does the Mississippi River pass?
There are no chairs in this room.
Religion is the opiate of the masses.
What is your date of birth?
Shit! You scared me half to death!
Shit! You scared me half to death!
You can search words, and get translations. But it's not exactly a typical dictionary.
You can search sentences containing a certain word and get translations for these sentences.
Why sentences? …you may ask. Well, because sentences are more interesting.
So we love sentences. But, even more, we love languages.
Tatoeba is really multilingual. All the languages are interconnected.
But where do we get those sentences? And how do we translate them?
Obviously, this cannot be the work of one person. This is why Tatoeba is collaborative.
And everyone has the ability to contribute.
It doesn't require you to be a polyglot.
Everyone speaks a language.
Everyone can help ensure that sentences sound correct, and are correctly spelled.
And actually, this project needs everyone.
So that's Tatoeba.
That's awesome, right?
A man's will is nothing when compared to that of the heavens.
One may only catch the tiger cub by entering the tiger's den.
Kill him!
The handyman was supposed to arrive at twelve noon, but got stuck in a traffic jam for a few hours.
Can you wrap it up for me? It's a gift.
Stir the soup.
I'm waiting for the train.
If cheese is good, but the cake is a lie, what is a cheesecake? A good lie.
I have to hurry!
Do you think animals have a soul?
I don't see any difference.
He has long hair.
He has long hair.
These are very early stories.
We have played at this beach.
Our sister bought some eggplants, potatoes, zucchinis and Chinese cabbage at the market.
France's currency was the franc, and its symbol was ₣. While it is no longer used in France, francs are still in use in some former French colonies such as Guinea.
Take your hat off when you enter a house of worship.
Some months have thirty days, others thirty one.
Happy Mother's Day!
Happy Mother's Day!
I've had enough already!
I'd like more detailed information.
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
Dog is man's best friend.
He caught a cold.
I pay in cash.
Don't bother.
I hope he'll wait for me.
Fine, thanks.
I'm on my way.
My uncle gave me a gift.
Let me think about it.
It's all my fault.
I take a bath every night.
She's on a diet.
English is not hard to learn.
He had just arrived.
There's no salt.
You began to learn Esperanto.
He is near forty.
He is nearly 40.
It takes time.
Count to thirty.
Today, I again didn't get to ask a single question
Recycling paper is very important.
He almost froze to death from the snow.
In the United States, cars drive on the right‐hand side of the road.
In the United States, cars drive on the right side of the road.
My sister is taller than my brother.
I like my coffee without sugar.
Be at the station at 11 o'clock sharp.
Have you got a car?
I don't have a computer at home.
Nothing new under the sun.
This summer I went on vacation in Scotland.
He loves his puppy. His puppy is really adorable.
Indeed, dwarf tossing is an Olympic sport!
We want to analyze your urine.
I'm afraid of dogs.
Absolutely impossible.
Is this really worth it?
May I eat this?
Her eyes are dark.
The bandage was wound around the wound.
The telephone is ringing.
The phone rang.
The phone is ringing.
The cow cast her calf.
The cow miscarried.
The cow lost its calf.
The cow cast a calf.
It is not a watch.
It's not a watch.
Thank you, sir.
You'll get used to it.
You will get used to it.
The beer is stale.
The beer has gone flat.
Give her the book.
He sings treble.
Maybe some other time.
Maybe next time.
I've never flown in a plane.
He is in conference.
Haven't seen you for ages.
Say that again, please.
Everything will be OK.
He likes to throw the bull.
She draws on her socks.
She put on socks.
I have many discs.
My pen is new.
My fountain pen is new.
He doesn't like to eat fish.
The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming, and seeks to be feared rather than loved. To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history.
May I pay with a credit card?
Kaliningrad was once called Koenigsberg.
It is all Greek to me.
Someone's knocking at the door.
Suits me fine.
Yes, certainly.
He is at her side.
He's at her side.
He's next to her.
Please show me the menu.
Please give me the menu.
He's just gone on leave.
My phone was out of order.
My phone is broken.
A friend of mine commissioned a well-known artist to paint a portrait of his wife.
I asked him if I could read his book.
What meal are you making?
Six divided by two is three.
Six divided by two equals three.
I was just about to come looking for you.
I was about to go look for you.
I really have to be going.
I really have to go.
He jumped onto the table.
Last night there was a full moon.
His hat isn't on straight.
He studies Chinese as well.
He studies Chinese too.
He learns Chinese too.
He also learns Chinese.
He also studies Chinese.
He is my senior by two years.
He's my senior by two years.
He's two years older than me.
That suits me all right.
That suits me all right.
It's much more convenient.
School starts next week.
I don't think you ought to.
I don't think you should.
We started at six.
We left at 6 o'clock.
We are starting at six.
Pleasure is always in the past or in the future, never in the present.
April showers bring May flowers.
Are you a wizard?
The crops need rain.
It really comes in handy.
I know the feeling.
I know that feeling.
My watch is five minutes slow.
You will have to wait and see.
You'll have to wait and see.
We'll have to wait and see.
The child will be six.
I've worn holes in my socks.
You've put your hat on backwards.
I have no idea of what to do.
He is a tall boy.
He's a tall boy.
Rousseau was mad but influential; Hume was sane but had no followers.
How does this work?
My neighbor's dog is dead.
I haven't seen him for a very long time.
He went bankrupt.
You have helped me so much, I'd like to express my sincere gratitude.
His first work gained great popularity among people.
His words set everybody roaring with laughter.
Everyone chose him to speak at the conference.
We need some more coffee.
He gave several examples of how we could change things.
We had lunch at a little coffee shop.
Isn't he Italian?
Is this your notebook?
Everyone was just flabbergasted that she was able to get pregnant at 48.
A portion of the proceeds will go to benefit children with disabilities.
Show me.
I just got your letter yesterday.
I just received your message yesterday.
Knowing that you're doing fine over there, I'm really pleased for you.
I haven't heard from you for a long time.
I haven't received any messages from you in a long time.
I'm just wondering how you are getting on and if you have adjusted to the new environment.
Sorry I haven't replied to your letter earlier.
I've been really busy with my graduation dissertation recently.
Please give my regards to your family.
Please give my regards to your family.
I don't understand him sometimes.
I think I understood.
My name is Luis.
I don't have a lot of work, but it's enough to keep me in the office this week.
Life is too short to worry about things like that.
A blast of cold air swept through the house.
His jokes really slay me.
This is so boring.
I want to go to see a movie.
I want to go to see a film.
I want to see a movie.
Both of these are Song Dynasty block-printed editions.
I'm Italian.
I am Italian.
Lots of companies have implemented an eight-hour working day.
She died.
She has died.
No one knows where he lives.
The style of this item of clothing is good; it's just a bit expensive.
The design of these clothes is indeed rather nice, but they are a little expensive.
I'd certainly like to go and watch the match; it's just that I'm not sure if I have time.
I do really want to watch this match, but I'm not sure if I have the time.
It's still not certain who's going to win this match.
I haven't seen Xiaowang for a month now; perhaps he's already gone back to his own country.
What time will you go home today?
My work at the TV station is handling letters written in by viewers.
Today I haven't dealt with the things I wanted to deal with; I'll have to work overtime again.
The population of China has already exceeded 1.3 billion.
This year, the speed of development in our company far exceeds that of last year.
With the T.V. on, how can you keep your mind on your studies?
These days many young people work without much focus; my friend's son hadn't gone two years after graduating before he'd changed jobs five times.
In other aspects, the results of Laowang's health examination were all quite normal; it was just that his blood pressure was a bit high.
This year's weather isn't very typical.
This year's weather is rather unusual.
Our company's technology has already reached the level of a developed country in the 1990s.
No matter how hard I strive, I fail to achieve my parents' requirements.
No matter how hard I try, I can't meet my parents' expectations.
Chinese is too easy to learn.
I can already write in Chinese.
I come from China.
I am from China.
For this race, people under the age of 35 (including 35) join the young people's group; people from 36 to 50 years old join the middle-aged group and people 51 or over join the elderly group.
In China, children shorter than 1.1m don't need to buy a ticket to travel by train.
Whilst at university, Xiaowang held the post of class monitor.
From graduation to retirement, Laowang worked as a teacher without intermission.
Ever since his graduation from university until his retirement, Lao Wang had continually worked as a teacher.
During the probation period of my friend's new job, each month's salary is 3000 RMB; once the probation period has been fulfilled, each month's salary is 3500 RMB.
Those who know do not talk. Those who talk do not know.
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
"Where is her book?" "It's on the table."
She was visibly afraid to be here.
Night has fallen!
I studied around the clock.
I often go out with friends in the evening.
I applied for a summer internship.
Can you wake me up at seven o'clock tomorrow morning?
This is very important to me.
This whisky is very strong.
You can't get the suitcase closed because you've stuffed too much into it.
He tells a new lie to cover up those that came before.
When I entered the house, they all applauded.
The slippery snake slithered right out of his hand.
You never get a second chance to make a first impression.
He has been to France three times.
They planned to get together here at 7 o'clock.
My friend is studying Korean.
What's your problem?
The Italians often drink coffee.
I plan to never drink again.
Looking back at 2010, I think I wasted too much time.
My hope for the new year is to study harder.
We receive many telephone calls from abroad.
You should prepare for the worst.
In my view, studying hard is the best way to achieve success.
Mary isn't as active as her sister.
Fiona's letters were becoming less and less frequent.
Open the door for love.
Do we already have that text?
He is living abroad at the moment.
She is always losing her handkerchief.
It is said that the price of wine may go up at any time now.
It is rumoured that a spaceship has been seen near Shanghai.
He is a man of strong, stable and trustworthy character.
I cannot praise them too highly.
The term 'greenhouse effect' is often used when people talk about global changes of climate nowadays.
In an almanac you can find information about the phases of the moon.
But I have no money.
It is a term used to describe the warming of the earth due to increasing amounts of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
I'm tired of translating.
He taught us English.
He made me his own assistant.
Your father is Japanese.
Your father is Japanese.
Your father is Japanese.
I'm glad that they fixed the heating system, but now it's too hot.
Someone left their umbrella in the hall.
Every time I go to Paris, I visit the Sacred Heart Basilica, sit on the steps, and listen to the people below singing and playing musical instruments.
She's learning to swim.
The demon grabbed my sister and, with howling laughter, cast her into a bottomless pit.
If you would talk less and listen more, you might learn something.
The feelings of "love at first sight" and "faithful unto death" are unrealistic; this sort of unrealistic and illusory feeling is not what we need.
The way some people see it, associating with the opposite sex is just like going to the seaside and gathering stones; everyone can pick up the ones they like.
Once you've picked up a stone that you like, take it home as soon as you can and treat it well, because that's the only stone you've got.
What's more, from now on you must remember that you cannot go to the seaside again (by believing this forever, I have already found the biggest, best and most fitting one for me).
The most important thing about relations with the opposite sex is not how good the other person is, but that they treat you well.
If one person's qualities are really good, and they have one hundred points, but of those hundred they only give you thirty or forty, or even ten or twenty and then inversely, another person maybe only has seventy or eighty points but they treat you with their heart and soul, then which person should you choose?
In fact, each person's qualities are the same.
No matter how good you are, there will always be people who are better than you.
Although you can't make it as "the greatest person", you can still be the best person to your partner.
Every guy can say "although I'm not the greatest man in the world, I am the man who is best to you."
The most important thing in a relationship lies in how good your partner is to you, and not in how good they are themselves.
If someone is already good in and of themselves, however, and treats you sincerely and from the heart, and truly loves you, then you really can entrust your life to them.
Today, women's only consideration in marriage is probably if you love him or not, if he loves you or not, whether he is sincere and heartfelt towards you, whether there will be pressure with him, whether there will be happiness, and not what his possessions are!
He's an interpreter in an international bank.
It's windy.
She's my daughter.
He's my neighbour.
He is my neighbour.
He has in his possession films that were never distributed to cinemas to protect them against piracy.
This book isn't mine.
I wash my hands before eating lunch.
I drink water because I am thirsty.
I'll write you or I'll phone you next week.
Last night, I fell into a panic.
I hate my neighbour.
Prince William is second in line to the English throne.
The muscles in his legs had atrophied during the seven months he was bedridden.
All you have to do is say the word, and I'll leave.
Carbon dioxide is a gas that is produced every time a fuel such as coal, oil, or natural gas is burned.
Some scientists believe that the greenhouse effect is imaginary.
Others say it may even be beneficial.
They have both failed to find the most serious problem that has ever faced our planet.
First of all, the level of the ocean could rise, because ocean water expands as it grows warmer.
Melting polar icecaps could also contribute to an increase in sea levels.
People living on coastlines might lose their homes, and cities might be completely submerged.
This would be a terrible tragedy.
Parts of the world that are already hot enough might become unbearably so.
Hot weather doesn’t just mean that people feel a little unhappy.
It means a huge increase in the use of air conditioning which uses energy, which costs money and creates pollution.
It can make some people, especially elderly people and infants, very ill.
It can also kill crops.
You can come at any time.
Use a dictionary to find the meanings of the phrases below.
The abbreviation of "Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference" is "CPPCC".
This is the first time I have seen such a horrible movie.
The ship sailed through the Suez Canal.
His father is Japanese.
I fed the dog.
My heart is in pain.
The qipao is a classic female garment that originated in 17th century China.
Kate always sleeps through her alarm. Speaking of which, have you seen her yet today?
He learnt the periodic table by heart just for fun.
My father likes pizza.
All of this stationery is his.
The term "qipao" is widely used in Northern China.
In Southern China, the qipao is also known as "changshan".
A qipao in the traditional style is made entirely by hand and requires labour-intensive manual tailoring techniques to enhance and exhibit every unique female form.
With a high, closed collar, figure-hugging cut, and large slits at either side of a straight skirt, the qipao is unique in its ability to communicate both modesty and sensuousness.
The original qipao was wide and loose.
The original qipao covered most of a woman's body, revealing only the head, the hands and the tips of the toes, in order to conceal the figure of the wearer regardless of her age.
The modern version, which is now popularly recognized in China as the standard qipao, was first developed in Shanghai after 1900.
People eagerly sought a more modernised style of dress and transformed the old qipao to suit their tastes.
Slender and form-fitting with a high cut, the new qipao contrasted sharply with the traditional one.
By the 1940s, the qipao came in a wide variety of designs and fabrics, with an equally wide variety of accessories.
The modernized version of the qipao is noted for accentuating the female figure.
With its distinctive Chinese features, the qipao enjoys growing popularity in the international world of high fashion.
Old birds sing, young birds twitter.
He's in a bad mood.
Good medicine is bitter to the mouth.
If you do silly things, you must accept the consequences without complaining.
Who seeds wind, shall harvest storm.
Who seeds wind, shall harvest storm.
He who is born for a dime, will never be worth a quarter.
How romantic!
I wonder which country will be the first to censor Tatoeba.
My boss tried to cop a feel but I slapped his hand before he got any further.
We raced toward the fire.
He is very sensitive.
I work here.
I would like to pay with cash.
What is your occupation?
Read my lips, no new taxes!
I study English for one hour every day.
I resign.
I quit.
Appreciate the little things in life - they will bring you to a bigger end target.
My native language is the most beautiful gift from my mother.
You lent me your shoulder for support.
She told me not to tell anyone, so I didn't.
I cannot forbid a person to marry several wives, for it does not contradict Scripture.
You should set a good example for your children.
Who likes war?
Poppycock.
I have never thought of that.
I need a stamp.
How do I contribute audio in Tatoeba?
I'm not tired right now.
Don't throw stones into the river.
Let me work in peace.
There's no rush to get married.
Don't rush into marriage.
Although marriage is a great thing, don't worry; what should be yours will be yours.
Don't be afraid to invest time and energy.
Each of you must work hard for a lifetime, and only then will you be able to maintain a relationship.
You can't "get" a great relationship; you can only find someone you love from the heart, and work together with them to achieve a great relationship.
I have two cats; a black one and a white one.
What do you think?
What do you think about that?
If you don't resolve to become a good man, then you just won't get a good woman.
I must've mistyped the number.
There isn't a bad man in the world who has been able to get a good woman; similarly, there isn't a bad woman in the world who has been able to get a good man.
This opportunity for success in forming a partnership is a big one; the key lies in whether you are willing to work hard and invest in it, and that is all.
In fact, love is the only genuinely precious thing in life; it's also the only thing worthy of pursuit.
As long as you have someone you love from the heart, you have a motivating force and you can face the entire world.
Why do women want to sleep in a man's embrace?
"Bracelet" is the same in French.
Nothing to do with you.
My shoulder hurts.
People can't keep quiet.
Although I was tired, I did what I was able to do.
He had no place to live.
I want to buy this toy doll.
That isn't my problem.
Sleep well, Timmy.
I will write a letter to Judy.
I still haven't found anything.
Where does your grandfather live?
The giant panda is recognised as a national treasure of China, but in some conservation areas it is still killed by poachers.
In England, parks taking rare breeds of animals as their theme are becoming increasingly popular with people.
During the holidays, some university students go to Africa as volunteers and help to perfect local wildlife conservation.
If we don't make the utmost effort to protect the rainforests, many of the rare species in them will become extinct.
The Chinese government has spent a lot of money on research into successful panda breeding in order to increase their birth rate.
Murdering elephants, tigers and other endangered species is not just cruel; it's also illegal.
More and more environmentalists advocate and use environmentally friendly unleaded petrol in cars.
As a result of some factories using fossil fuels, chemical emissions have already caused serious environmental problems.
We must make the utmost effort to reduce the use of plastic packaging, and also to recycle all waste plastic.
Some people only buy organic food; they think that in this way their body will not be damaged by pollutants.
When he was a student, he went to the disco only once.
It has four legs, it is made of wood and it lives in the kitchen.
I think he must go there.
Me and a few friends are drinking wine.
Nobody watches her.
I have not yet collected sufficient materials to write a book.
You can't carry people on your bike, didn't you know?
We really didn't know; we won't do it next time.
Leave the bike here, and tomorrow bring your ID and 20 dollars to the Bureau of Communications to get the bike back.
Hopefully you'll comply with traffic regulations after this.
How can there be a traffic jam now, as late as 6 o'clock?
There's probably been a traffic accident.
They're probably waiting for the traffic police.
You're bleeding everywhere; I'll help you up.
I'm really sorry, it's all my fault - I didn't notice you.
You're not entirely to blame; just then I was listening to music all along, and wasn't paying attention.
The home team always have an advantage over their opponents.
I am John.
These are pens.
You're absolutely right.
You're absolutely right.
I'm sorry that I cannot come over today.
The twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac come from eleven kinds of animals originating in nature, namely the rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, horse, snake, monkey, rooster, dog and pig, as well as the legendary form of the dragon, and are used as a calendar.
2010 was the Year of the Tiger in the Chinese lunar calendar.
On a fundamental level, the 12 forms of the Chinese zodiac are related to animal worship.
Our ancestors used animals to name the years of people's births as their lives were closely connected to these animals.
Without doubt, what people worship first is what they see most often; for example, the animals that had the closest connection to people's lives, like the horse, the cow, the sheep, the rooster, the dog and so on.
Behind every animal on the Chinese zodiac lies an array of proverbs, sayings and stories.
The culture of the Chinese zodiac is deeply rooted in people's lives, language and literature.
The horse does not just represent energy, high spirits, prosperity, development, but also stands for a national spirit of struggling on without stopping, and of striving on without giving up.
As well as this, the horse is also representative of human talent.
In China, talented people are often described as "ten thousand mile horses".
A lot of people ask why the cat does not appear among the twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac.
The reason the cat is not included in the 12 animals of the Chinese zodiac is very simple.
In ancient China there were no cats; the cat that we are familiar with today was not imported into China from abroad until much later.
Read the list we sent you and check that all the sentences sound natural to you.
She is rich, but unfortunate.
I was born on October 10th, 1972.
I was born October 10th, 1972.
I try not to think about it.
I have to take the book back to the library today.
All the students applaud.
If you want that water pistol you'll just have to save money and buy it yourself. I can't constantly buy toys for you. I'm not made of money.
My friend invited me to go out to dinner.
He came after ten minutes
He came ten minutes later.
He is the class's extremely intelligent student.
That's the badger!
The weather is nice tonight.
I've forgotten his name.
I am a woman.
I don't know any blind men.
Absolutely nothing is permanent in life.
How can you accuse me of such a thing? I would never lay a hand on my child.
Sicily is hot in summer.
Peter's cottage is very big.
Tom is always late.
Can I come too?
David is at home.
David is at home.
The lights aren't on.
I saw Liz this morning.
My father is in the garden.
In order to give him a surprise on his birthday, I prepared a fantastic cake.
Whatever are you doing here?
"What are you doing here?" he asked me in surprise.
Insurance makes us remember that the world we live in isn't completely safe; we might fall ill, face danger or encounter the unexpected.
Nobody can prevent this plan from being carried out.
These measures can prevent the disease from spreading.
Professional writers do not have a regular income.
She's not among the regular employees of this company.
It is not enough to study the language of a foreign country.
What one has to learn is more than the language.
If you pay attention to your foreign friends, you may be surprised that their customs and habits are different from yours.
In India, people pass food at the dinner table with the right hand.
Otherwise, it is considered impolite to pass food with the left hand, because the left hand is used for bathing.
They express disagreement by shaking their heads, which may indicate agreement in other countries.
For example in Bulgaria, shaking one's head means yes while nodding one's head means no.
Can money buy happiness?
You don't need millions to be happy.
At The Happiness Institute in Australia, a couple of hundred dollars may do the trick.
Experts say only about 15 percent of happiness comes from income, assets and other financial factors.
As much as 90 percent of happiness comes from elements such as attitude, life control and relationships.
While most of us are significantly better off financially than our parents and grandparents, happiness levels haven't changed to reflect that.
She gets up at seven.
He gets up at seven.
Studies show that once the basic needs of shelter and food are met, additional wealth adds very little to happiness.
My children are threshing wheat.
I prefer going outside to spending time on Facebook.
The rooms in this hotel are not as clean as the rooms in that hotel.
My mother bought me a pretty dress this past Sunday.
I'm doing some history research and would like to ask you a few questions.
The questions will not take long, and everything would be kept completely anonymous.
She's beautiful.
She's pretty.
I don't care what color ink, just bring me a pen.
Many cancer patients lose their hair because of the chemotherapy.
I offered him a double-flame lighter that I bought in the United States.
Where is my sentence?
I read a book last night.
Because we're worth it.
Because we're worth it.
Do you have a mobile phone?
It's hard to endure the boastings of the French.
I'm addicted to Tatoeba.
Even if that restaurant did very tasty food, I wouldn't like to eat there.
If there even are people more beautiful than you, there won't be many of them.
If there even are people more beautiful than you, there won't be many of them.
Even if I had enough money, I still wouldn't buy a Ferrari.
Even though America is a developed country, it still has some very poor people.
In spite of the fact that drinking alcohol damages their bodies, many people still like to drink it.
Although his exam scores weren't very high, he was still successful after graduation.
Could you tell me what your specific requirements are?
The rent can be a bit expensive, but something nearby would be best.
This house is nearby, it has two bedrooms and a living room, and the decoration isn't bad; it's 1500 a month.
I hear you've already contacted the broker.
This house of ours has just been redecorated, and we haven't lived here for sixth months.
The decorating isn't bad.
Does the heating work in the winter?
Then how about this: 1500 a month.
Let's deal with the formalities.
We'll contact you by phone as soon as we arrive.
I'd like some advice on something.
OK, what would you like advice on?
I'd like to rent a house.
I'm a woman.
The term "hutong", originally meaning "water well", came from the Mongolian language about 700 years ago.
Hutongs are a type of narrow street, most commonly associated with Beijing, China.
The implication was that where there was a well, there were residents.
In Beijing, hutongs are alleys formed by lines of siheyuans, the traditional courtyard residences.
Chinese people have the most patriotic stomachs.
We played. We lost. How about starting it over?
Since I didn't know what to say, I remained silent.
In Australia, one speaks English.
One hutong connects with another, siheyuans connect with other siheyuans to form a block, and blocks join with other blocks to form the whole city.
In the Ming Dynasty (early 15th century) the centre of Beijing was the Forbidden City.
Citizens of higher social status were permitted to live closer to the center.
Aristocrats lived to the east and west of the imperial palace.
The large siheyuans of these high-ranking officials and wealthy merchants often featured beautifully carved and painted roof beams and pillars and carefully landscaped gardens.
Farther from the palace and to its north and south were the commoners, merchants, artisans, and laborers.
Their siheyuans were far smaller in scale and simpler in design and decoration, and the hutongs were narrower.
Nearly all siheyuans had their main buildings and gates facing south for better lighting, so a majority of hutongs run from east to west.
Since the mid-20th century, the number of hutongs in Beijing has dropped dramatically as they are demolished to make way for new roads and buildings.
More recently, some hutongs have been designated as protected areas in an attempt to preserve this aspect of Chinese cultural history.
I'd be very grateful if you could help me.
She lives in a village.
She works with single-minded determination.
I don't eat the apple core.
Speak slower, please.
She's beautiful, smart, and - most importantly - has a good heart.
My legs are smaller than yours.
Tomorrow I won't be here.
When did the error occur?
What did the experimental set-up look like? What was connected to what and how?
How is the error observed?
Does the error occur regularly or sporadically? Is the error reproducible?
It was nice to converse with her.
He asked my mother.
He raised the glass to his lips and drained it at one gulp.
He's not my type.
It seems this is something you can't comprehend.
I study.
Men are hunters, and women are prey.
The father is good.
A lot of housewives complain about the high prices of goods.
The machine works all day.
I do not know whether to accept or to refuse.
Why do bees die after stinging?
I've not seen him in a long time.
Add the honey, lemon juice, chopped almonds and the chopped apples.
She has a house by the sea.
He stood me up; I waited all evening for him!
I took his not coming to indicate that he wasn't interested.
Many people consider a high salary to be a condition for success.
I consider relationships to be the most important thing in life.
He takes pride in his work.
His work is a source of pride for him.
When I didn't have any money, I only had a rug for a bed.
Skilled soldiers know how to use their environment as a weapon.
Some people consider Led Zeppelin to be the greatest band there has ever been.
Many Chinese people consider red to be the best colour.
I consider fruit to be the healthiest food.
You'd better not speak.
I know he is looking at me.
I want to attend the party on November 1st.
It is only ten yuan!
He tiptoed so no one heard him.
What's the reason?
What's the reason?
In Esperanto there are only 16 grammar rules.
When did you immigrate to our country?
Can you give me another sentence to translate?
Insects have a hard skin.
I keep saying that I'm innocent, but no one will listen.
I use flash cards to study my German vocabulary.
If you can see your breath when you exhale, you know it's cold.
I give you my heart.
Rome is the capital of the world.
I was born in 1988.
You might not like this beer at first. It's an acquired taste.
In various Turkish restaurants, shishkabob is the main food.
This is my favourite project.
One mouse ran through the room.
Tom takes the bus to the city.
Tom is on the bus to the city.
This door is locked from the inside.
There are 26 letters in French: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, v, w, x, y, z.
My father feels satisfied about this result.
You have nice skin.
Khaki shorts with cargo pockets do not make you an adventurer.
Today the teacher took "Chinese culture" as a topic.
Last time I went to a Lady Gaga concert, although she finished all her songs, many members of the audience were not satisfied.
Let's take 'English history' as a topic today.
Apples are the best fruit.
Li Bai's work is the most famous of Chinese poetry.
What you want is the most important thing.
Follow your desire.
Xiaoli is the tallest in our class.
He spends lots of money on clothes.
Is it difficult eating with chopsticks?
My dad died before I was born.
Although the pressure of studying at the University of Cambridge is very high, many students still have time to go out and have fun.
Although the life of Chinese people is getting better and better now, there is still room for improvement.
Although it seems very difficult to study Chinese, it's not as hard as you think.
Although studying Chinese seems difficult, it's simpler than you think.
Normally speaking, Chinese people consider rice to be an important food; the majority of Westerners consider fast food to be an important food.
Many parents take pride in their children.
Fish'n'chips is the most famous English food.
Cambridge is the most famous university in the world.
Peterhouse is the oldest of the 33 colleges of Cambridge.
Guinness is the finest of beers.
The American government has always regarded England as America's house pet.
Most parents see their own children as the best in the world.
This water was polluted by oil.
How many apples are there?
How many apples are there?
Tom came on Monday and went back home the following day.
Tom came on Monday and went back home the next day.
He raised the glass to his mouth and drained it all in one shot.
I get dressed and then I will take my breakfast.
Could I trouble you with something?
I'd like to get you to help me ask the teacher for time off.
I'd like to borrow your notes for a bit.
I left the notes in the dormitory. I'll go back and get them now.
I'll use it a bit this evening, and try my best to give it back to you tomorrow.
Today is the last day to pay tuition fees, and my credit card has no money on it.
Do you have cash on you now? Could you lend me some?
I don't have much money on me right now, but my card has some on it.
Sure, anything for you! We're like family!
I'll pay you back as soon as I have money.
Then I'll work on the principle that deference is no substitute for obedience.
The first day of the first month in the Chinese lunar calendar is Spring Festival, the most important festival for the people of China.
Spring Festival is also known as Chinese New Year.
Celebrating Spring Festival is commonly referred to as 'passing the year'.
If you mention New Year in China, the image that many people will think of is a family gathered around wrapping dumplings together.
Dumplings are essential at the New Year's Eve dinner table.
Especially in northern China, wrapping and eating dumplings has become an important activity for happily spending New Year's Eve in many households.
This means that eating dumplings on New Year's eve is a symbol of family reunion.
The custom of eating dumplings on New Year's Eve is related to an ancient Chinese method of measuring time; in ancient China, each day was divided into twelve sections: the beginning of each day was called 'first time', which corresponds to the period from 11pm to 1am.
Arriving at the end of each year (that is, the last day of the lunar calendar) wasn't just a new day taking over from the previous one, but also a new year taking over from the previous one, and this was called 'first exchange'.
In Chinese, 'dumpling' and 'first exchange' are homophones, so they have a rich cultural association.
All of the longing and wishes for good fortune are wrapped up in the fragile skin of the dumplings.
Game over.
I sold my house and furniture, together with my jewelry, in order to scrape together a half a million.
What would the world be like without women?
Will I see you tomorrow?
When I grow up, I want to be king.
The world is like a book, and those who don't travel read only one page.
I'm listening to music.
"When are you coming back?" "That all depends on the weather."
Mr Ou has come to Japan to study Japanese.
Even now, many years after the Cold War, there is still much bitterness between Germans and Russians, especially in areas which were occupied by the Soviet Union.
Do you have kids?
This is my property.
He painted a dog.
The union and the company have agreed upon a new contract.
I was scared by the lightning.
Can you help me call for a taxi?
He walked out of the room.
Distance creates beauty.
This is not true love.
In an empty place, an emperor has no power.
You are blushing.
I found it!
They took off my clothes in front of her eyes.
I don't know if I should cry or laugh.
The cause of the fire was unknown.
Her hair grew back to it's original length.
The policeman was drunk.
I need someone to hold me and tell me everything will be alright.
Nobody knows where he is.
I didn't say it.
Have you seen this man?
I like snow a lot.
Should I go to college?
As China develops, more and more countries want to have good relations with it.
As global warming increases, sea levels get higher and higher.
With the arrival of winter, the leaves on the trees fall down.
The leaves on the trees fall as winter comes.
With his interest in Justin Bieber, I just couldn't love him.
With the release of Skype, studying languages has become easier.
As North Korea displays aggression, South Korea concentrates its forces near the border.
"How old are you?" "I'm 16 years old."
I work for three hours every Sunday morning.
As time goes on, China's economy gets stronger and stronger.
As time goes on, my life gets worse and worse.
He travels across the sea.
It's good for our understanding of other cultures.
Love and hope helped her to recover quickly.
My grandfather lived to be 90 years old.
I'm going to the park.
I am telling a good story to my younger friend.
This child jumped onto the bed.
It's almost time for the train to arrive.
What are you looking at, little one?
It works well.
Do it yourself!
How do you say that?
Take it easy! Don't be so nervous.
I already bought it.
I wish you a happy birthday.
It's getting darker and darker.
Did you hear me?
Are we going out for lunch today?
Are we going out to eat this afternoon?
Then what shall I do tomorrow?
I took the medicine.
I want to ask you a question.
I feel sick.
Can you tell me where the restrooms are?
The lid won't open.
It snowed a lot.
I take the train to work every day.
I will wait.
Put the book there.
I'm learning English.
It's better than nothing.
He goes to drink beer every night.
My father is retiring at 65 years old.
I have acknowledged my mistake.
He didn't listen to his father at all.
Do people in America use these gestures?
He went to the USA last week.
This place still looks the same as it did a long time ago.
"I don't want to go right now." "Why not?"
The monkey cannot sit still.
The monkey's bottom is not staying still.
Guilin's sceneries are the most beautiful ones under the heaven.
She has not seen him for a long time.
We asked him what he was called.
I don't want to hurt you.
I don't want to hurt you.
I don't want to buy this carpet.
I saw a red car and a white one. The red one was nicer looking than the white one.
Five hundred years ago it was a house.
Five hundred years ago, they were one family.
Currently, having a hood is part of young people's fashion.
It is time to get up.
Where's the post office?
Kobe is the city where I was born.
He lost consciousness under the influence of the anesthetic.
He lost consciousness under the influence of the anesthetic.
Good thinking!
It really is unforgettable for me! Thank you!
I looked, but I didn't see anything.
Make sure that the child is not sick.
This lonely patient takes pleasure from sewing.
This patient's conditions are getting worse day after day.
I am waiting for approval.
It doesn't matter whether your beard has grown for four years or seven. When the barber shaves it he'll use that same blade.
Not now, please wait a bit.
I'm Thai.
We can come to visit you.
I go to bed at ten.
I'm already married.
I felt bad.
I have already worked the whole day. I am very tired.
He does not like being punished.
Tatoeba: Because a language is more than the sum of its words.
It's better to do nothing than to do something poorly.
This little girl let the birds escape.
They have already reached the goal.
I’ve started learning Esperanto.
If she knows I'm here, she'll come quickly.
She is wearing a hat.
Wow, so cold!
I fell in love with you.
Our village is not short of water.
Why do you lie?
Father is a good person.
The people's hardships are our hardships.
I have a pair of shoes.
Now I am free.
Now I am free.
Silence is golden.
You have my sympathy.
Would you like to become a trusted user?
I'll drop by the post office on the way home.
What does "Tatoeba" mean?
Her beauty will fade in time.
I'd like to leave this town and never come back.
Do the people of your country eat rice?
Someone pushed me inside.
No, I don't have it.
Don't study!
Dad gave me a book, and my little brother gave me a pen.
This toy is made of wood.
He is exploring the possibility of all escapes.
If it rains tonight, I am not going to go out.
If it rains tonight, I'm not going to go out.
These two are standing abreast.
Don't cast pearls before swine.
Despite everything he is still playing dumb.
Among the five of us, he's surely the one who can speak the most languages.
Among the five of us, he's surely the one who can speak the most languages.
I don't envy your life. Not even a little bit.
I know that you know that I know.
How can you be sure your girlfriend isn't faking her orgasms?
Fortunately, my wound is clearing up quickly.
In other words, I don't like working with him.
Wild!
I haven't eaten for many days.
What did you buy for that much money?
The water is frozen.
I just didn't want to go to work yesterday.
This year, Edinburgh began work on its fifteen-year regeneration project to transform its waterfront and provide a new kind of living area for its growing population.
What's new about this way of urban living?
Before now, when you thought of a city, you thought of crowded streets, parking problems, traffic jams, queues, noise and fumes.
Cities are exciting places, but also stressful.
The Edinburgh Waterfront project could be about to change all that.
With the creation of a city area that's more like a town, with plenty of greenery and community buildings, living in the city will soon mean simpler, stress-free lifestyles for the 20,000 that are expected to live, work and play in Edinburgh's Waterfront.
How will the project work?
He has a sky-blue jumper.
Over the next fifteen years, architects, planners and community developers will work together to transform 346 acres of industrial wasteland into 6,500 homes, two shopping centres, a marina, a primary school and college, and parkland.
Trams will link the area to Edinburgh's city centre (which is only two miles away).
Where did you go for vacation?
What will this mean for Edinburgh?
I should be studying English, but I want to watch a movie.
We didn't have sugar.
Edinburgh already offers a busy and traditional city experience, with many historic buildings and tourist attractions.
He is not the teacher.
My parents don't speak Dutch.
The Waterfront project will help to keep Edinburgh up-to-date and bring more people to Scotland's capital city.
She doesn't drink coffee.
He's not home.
He isn't at home.
He isn't home.
Fifteen per cent of the housing will be affordable, so that low-income families will be able to buy or rent homes in the area.
My car is not red, it is blue.
It will also help to strengthen the city's economy.
For the UK's fastest growing city after London, this is good news.
He can't help you.
So, will this mean healthier cities?
I don't think he can help you.
I don't want red bell peppers, I want green ones.
I haven't bought bell peppers.
Edinburgh's Waterfront is just one of the many projects that are regenerating UK towns and cities.
I can't buy these red bell peppers.
I didn't see anything.
I've looked everywhere, but I can't find my book.
He's never been to America.
People call this kind of bird a cuckoo.
This bird is known as a cuckoo.
The Waterfront's success could mean that other cities soon follow, creating areas that offer people a new kind of city living, with all the benefits and none of the stress, noise and pollution of crowded centres.
Can Edinburgh show us the way towards healthier cities?
Let's hope so.
This room is cleaned by Tom.
Maybe a few of you have seen pandas in the zoo.
Someone called.
The panda is China's national treasure.
People in Taiwan work hard.
It is said that Dutch are tolerant.
The panda is indigenous to Sichuan Province and does not live in the wild in any other places.
This is just like his house.
Where can I buy an entrance ticket?
Have you chosen well?
I could disappear at any time.
Honesty is the primary reason for his success.
Sooner or later his luck will run out.
What is it about?
Only shoes know about holes in socks.
Only a shoe knows about a hole in a sock.
What does TATOEBA mean?
After careful examination, it can be seen that the skull was smashed to pieces.
I bought a kite to give to you.
I plan to catch the 10:30 train.
Have you seen the red river?
I like listening to pop music.
He has been poor all his life.
This city lies at the base of a mountain.
In short, it was a great party.
I want to go to France for my vacation.
Not only does he like music, he also likes sports.
This boy slept for eight hours.
He is a famous painter.
I cannot accept this plan.
I like dogs and my sister likes cats.
I wonder if the sea levels will rise when the North Pole melts.
She's going to New York on Sunday.
It is estimated that only a few hundred pandas remain, with a small number of them being raised in zoos in China and abroad.
Because of their rarity, pandas have become a world treasure.
The sky darkened.
When the World Wildlife Fund was founded in 1961, it took the panda as its symbol.
Pandas are very clever.
The Fuzhou Zoo in China's Fujian Province has done more than its counterparts in training pandas.
There, pandas have been trained to perform dozens of items.
Qing Qing, a seven-year-old panda, can even recognise its name.
It is a Chinese tradition to welcome spring with flowers.
China is a huge country.
The temperature in different places can vary greatly at the same time of year.
North China is cold in spring, so flowers don't bloom outdoors.
People there decorate their homes with potted flowers to add to the festival atmosphere.
Country girls like to cut red paper into peach and plum blossoms and paste them onto doors and windows.
In the south of China, the situation is different.
With a warm and wet climate, Guangzhou has fresh flowers all year round.
From then on, flower fairs were held in Guangzhou during the Spring Festival every year.
There is an old saying there: “No flower fairs, no Spring Festival.”
Excuse me, do you have any of these in your store?
People must use foxes to catch foxes.
This forest fire was naturally caused.
I will try again, thank you.
He should thank you.
This wine tastes great.
They have nothing to eat.
New people, new laws.
Legal terminology is usually incomprehensible to non-specialists.
I still haven't found work.
Africa is a continent, but Greenland isn't.
Susan is two years older than I am.
Ice melts to become water.
Do people in your country eat rice?
Use interrogative pronouns to rewrite the sentences below; if you need to, you can add or remove a few words.
The radio didn't mention the incident.
It is very difficult to work with people who are not willing to do so.
Because of these trees, he can't see the forest.
He divided his book into five categories.
Today, nobody can imagine a life without a TV.
For a long time, I've had a habit of going to bed early.
Stay off the grass.
How unfortunate!
My parents told me that I need to respect old people.
That is a strange sentence.
His brother is still taller in comparison.
You are eating breakfast before you water the plants.
You have done what you needed to do.
I was awake early today.
Maria decided to never come back to see him again.
He has something that I don't: faith.
He has what I lack; confidence.
The teacher easily loses his temper with the students.
He and I were inseparable friends during our time together in school.
I don't like this idea.
There were only six people at the party.
Yes, I'll come at once.
The calf has disappeared, but there is still a cow.
Why do you want to know what I'm thinking?
Shut the door!
I lived in Rome.
Tomorrow is Saturday, February 5th, 2011.
I'm angry with my boyfriend for forgetting about Valentine's Day.
I'm angry with you about this.
Why are you angry with me?
I lost my temper with him because of his arrogance.
She studies 24 / 7.
The doctor works from morning until night.
The doctor is working from morning til night.
I miss you all the time.
I miss you constantly.
I'm constantly studying.
I have exams from dawn till dusk.
He eats non-stop.
He eats around the clock.
As figures from the National Development and Reform Committee show, the Internet has developed rapidly in rural China.
By the end of June 2006, the number of netizens in rural China had reached three million, seven hundred and forty one thousand, making up 5.1% of the total rural population.
In the same period, the number of urban netizens in China reached one hundred and twenty five million, making up 21.6% of the total urban population.
By the end of 2006, the number of rural netizens in China was twenty three million one hundred thousand, showing that in six months a total of fourteen million, three hundred thousand rural Chinese got online.
The report from the National Development and Reform Committee says that the advance in rural high-speed telecommunication infrastructure is the main reason for the increase in Internet users.
In its "Eleven Five Plan" (2006 to 2010), the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology pledged to implement phone connections in every village and Internet connections in every town.
Young people and migrant workers are the bulk of rural Internet users; in terms of online music, online games, online film and television, and the Internet's capacity for entertainment, rural Internet users are equivalent to urban ones.
However, compared to that in cities, rural use of online news, search engines, online shopping, online banking, online stocks and so on is much lower.
In some rural areas, the Internet is important for agricultural information, as well as being particularly useful for the purposes of agricultural production technologies and pricing.
Liu Manqiang, deputy director of the Chinese Research Centre and College for Social Sciences and Information Technology, says "Information and communication technology has the potential for a huge increase in value; an important goal for the development of China's information technology is allowing more rural citizens to benefit from the information technology industry."
The boy eats bread.
The man ate bread.
The mischievous son loved his dad.
Please give me a blanket.
My little brother asked me for money.
This evening, I am leaving Tokyo for Osaka.
He unexpectedly called you stupid.
He even called me an idiot.
Put them on the baking pan and smear them with egg whites.
Be careful when you pass through the street's busy traffic.
An unpleasant feeling is always bad.
The wind is strong, so I am not going quickly.
I want to go and change into that shirt I bought yesterday.
Don't walk so quickly. I can't keep up with you.
Tim writes with his left hand.
Tim writes left-handed.
She has dropped out of school due to health issues.
This book is really old.
People can easily tell the difference between them.
Have you been keeping up a normal diet since the last shot of insulin?
That book is very old.
You must take responsibility for your own careless actions.
Generally, men run faster than women.
I have to take a test tomorrow.
I love nature.
Can you tell me where you live?
Orange juice or champagne?
I can't speak English fluently.
I don't understand your mind.
I don't know your heart.
He's making it clear that he's an ideal husband.
Do people from your country eat kelp?
I don't like being treated as a child.
This pencil is better than that one.
The mouse ran into the hole.
I know him, but I don't know his name.
The picture is hanging on the wall.
The picture is hanging on the wall.
You must do it.
He is a very good teacher.
Will you all be here tomorrow?
The boy actually was going to do it.
By tomorrow morning this girl will have done it.
My father cannot lift it up.
Your brother will not buy it.
His mother didn't want to do it.
I ate the apple.
The child is writing a book.
The apple was eaten by me.
The book is being written by my husband.
It will be said by your daughter.
If I could understand it, I would tell you so.
If he were here, he would visit us.
Walking along the fence he noticed a mouse.
Thinking about that, I left.
Having said that, he left with his wife.
Let's speak Vabungula and Yuelami!
Let your uncle think about it.
May it not happen!
He is the person whom I saw yesterday.
I really know what he said.
Don’t forget where you put it.
Your daughter will tell me.
He is the man I saw yesterday.
I don't like early morning meetings.
There is no excuse to help get you out of the meeting.
There is no excuse that will let you be absent from the meeting.
They will not accept any excuses for not joining the meeting.
The room is fully furnished.
The country's largest estimated cause of death is suicide.
Have you ever done it?
I drank milk.
I was drinking milk a moment ago.
He caught the traveler's diarrhea.
We have already won this battle.
We've already won this battle.
There is nowhere in the whole world without poverty.
How much money do you donate every year?
Even though she is dieting, the chocolate cake still tempts her.
I am never idle on a Sunday.
I accidentally mistakenly took his umbrella.
None of this is your money.
I love sports.
I have a frog in my throat.
Every Jack has his Jill.
The sacrificed newborn doesn't fear the tiger.
I'll show you around town.
I'll show you the town.
Since you are here, we might as well begin.
Blacken the circles next to the correct answers with an HB pencil.
I married when I was 19 years old.
The Romans would never have had the chance to conquer the world if they had first been required to study Latin.
The Romans would never have had enough time for conquering the world if they had first been required to study Latin.
The relationships of socialisers are often reflected in the distance between them.
However, what's interesting is that whilst there are people whose computer use has become a problem, there are also people who have recovered from illness because of using computers.
Close the door please.
Close the door please.
Why are you angry?
I like to eat.
Do you want to eat?
He is tall.
Are they tall?
Let's go home.
I have brothers.
I don't have four brothers.
I don't have four sisters.
You read the paper?
I have already looked up this word in the dictionary.
My best friend dances really well.
Yes, as far as I know.
"Okay, okay," said the doctor. "I'll definitely take a look at her."
Who knows Hu Jintao's birthday?
Scream it loud!
We don't have any sledders here.
Make the hoe your sword, and the sword your hoe.
That woman over there is Ana.
His answer is negative.
Betty murdered him.
This girl is afraid of dogs.
Yesterday he saw a big man.
I can't find my girlfriend's clitoris.
When we learn languages, we learn fixed expressions.
This is the second time I have arrived in China on my own.
The first time, I spoke pretty much no Chinese at all, and didn't understand China's conventions and customs.
But when I arrived in China that time, I had a family waiting for me.
This time, although I'm more experienced, there's nobody waiting to meet me.
My final destination in China is the city of Harbin in the north-east, about one thousand kilometres from Beijing.
When booking flights, I decided the easiest way would be to fly to Beijing first, then get the train to complete my journey.
Doing it this way was probably the most fun, too.
However, as soon as I saw the situation at the train station I began to regret this decision.
The queue for buying tickets was unbelievably long.
In China, you have to go to the departure station and buy train tickets there.
What's more, you can only buy train tickets one week in advance.
At the train station, once I had figured out where the queue for tickets actually was, I began the long wait.
I didn't arrive in Harbin until very late, and the queue for taxis was already extremely long.
Not long after I joined the queue, a man approached and asked if I wanted a taxi.
"But I'm already queuing," I tell him.
I am suspicious that this is an illegal taxi.
"You don't have to queue for my car," he offers.
"Is it an illegal taxi?" I ask him.
"Then I don't want it," I reply.
That evening, the university held a meeting for foreign students and Chinese students studying foreign languages.
Without warning, the teachers ask students from each country to take the microphone and explain to everyone their reasons for coming to Harbin.
When it comes to my turn to speak, I confuse the words 'standard' and 'common', and end up saying that the north-eastern accent is 'the most common'.
Fortunately, everybody understood what this foreigner meant, knew I was only making a fool of myself, and laughed at me.
In Harbin, many people invite me to their homes to have dinner.
Worried, the shopkeeper ran over and kneeled beside Dima, who was breathing heavily - his forehead covered in sweat.
I'm scared shitless.
This is not very stylish.
This manga is pretty popular in China.
It's clear that there's a rather strong disagreement between the two.
You'd better take an umbrella with you.
It's stable because all the roots of this equation are negative.
Are men who don't drink still men?
Let Bob cook.
What were you up to last night?
The better he knows the language, the less he likes it.
He has already used up all of his money.
He is fluent in Mandarin.
This matter is very urgent.
There are too many people here. Let's go somewhere else.
What more would you want?
Her head was bursting with new ideas.
Your head was bursting with new ideas.
You have already eaten.
You have already eaten.
He has already eaten.
She has already eaten.
Take my hand. The two of us are going to construct a utopia.
In a horrifying chain of events, Christopher Columbus once bit his own lip.
Are you listening?
Are you listening?
You're a sicko!
He's a sucker for beautiful women.
Would you leave the door open, please?
Would you lend me your bicycle?
Would you lend me your dictionary?
Would you lend me your pencil?
The hunter shot the fox dead.
Do you trust her?
Where does he want to go?
Where does she want to go?
Hi, I'd like a deep-fried pizza roll.
She won many competitions.
You won many competitions.
They won many competitions.
Maybe you licked it?
Would you look after my cat?
Would you please look after my dog tomorrow?
Would you please look after the children?
Would you please look over my report?
It took me a little more time than usually to fall asleep.
It's easy to catch a cold.
My French is crappy.
That's true as well.
You can remove the NNC.
My French is shitty.
Hey, twirp! This here is our territory!
Hurry up, we are leaving!
She scoffed at my poem.
How much of what I've written here do you understand?
My neighbour's name is Deng Daping.
Some bugs were fixed.
There aren't supposed to be any men in this house.
I like watching lesbian porn.
She has big boobs.
It's not that simple.
His remuneration consists of a base salary plus commissions.
If you think that I'm still going to help a bastard like you, then you couldn't be any further away from the truth.
He was loved by everyone that knew him.
I was sacked yesterday.
The criminal was arrested.
The tiger was killed.
My car was stolen by a thief.
That child was told off by the teacher.
My beer was finished off by my room-mate.
He made me so angry that I got a headache.
He was beaten to within an inch of his life.
The army was unexpectedly attacked.
Due to global warming, cities could be completely submerged.
Her toy was broken by her little sister.
It was her little sister that broke her toy.
I was woken up by the noise of the traffic outside.
Don't get caught.
Don't get yourself killed.
These computers use batteries to operate.
He was the man that broke the window yesterday.
We're going to climb that mountain.
What do I need to do right now?
A fortune teller once told Christopher Columbus that he would become a famous man. Columbus, in turn, got angry and demanded his money back - claiming that even a child could state something so obvious.
I can't bear this kind of pain.
I want to become an engineer.
I took two cups of coffee.
If you use this modern equipment, it will save a lot of manpower.
He looked in all directions, but didn't see anyone.
Betty's Esperanto is really great.
Betty speaks Esperanto really well.
All of the cookies are in the shape of stars.
I sent you the letter just when you called.
I want to buy a cheap dictionary.
They told me that I would feel a little better if I took this medicine.
Let's order two bottles.
I wish I was young again.
The child doesn't cry anymore.
Promises aren't enough.
Stay calm.
I like Ozodbek's songs.
I'll stop speaking to you in French.
I'm drunk, but I can still speak German.
This website seems quite good.
She is unable to withstand the pressure.
Branching and merging are two basic operations of revision control.
Would you please write with a ballpoint pen?
Each of us is like the moon: there is a dark side of us that we do not let others see.
As long as you keep quiet, you can stay here.
Happy Christmas!
Let's listen to the radio!
This woman is very thin.
Nobody knows what will happen in the future.
We can't know what the future has in store.
I'm not at all satisfied with this result.
He has the opportunity to pass the exam.
Don't tell her anything.
These young people are talking loudly amongst themselves and have absolutely no regard for those around them.
I can't.
Are you drunk enough to speak German once again?
When the landlord's away, the tenants will play.
When the landlord's away, the tenants will play.
It's not blood. It's beet.
I saw him instead of his father.
I noticed a note on my desk, but I do not know who wrote it.
It snowed.
We ate curry rice last night.
He likes going to the beach occasionally.
Could you exchange rooms with me?
As this girl entered the room, every child was laughing at her little hat.
If the food isn't good, I am very sorry.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
He's a good guy.
He's a good man.
He's a good lad.
He is daydreaming.
It makes sense.
My father became old.
That makes sense.
Our neighbour bought himself a charming horse.
Do you think I'm joking?
I hugged him tightly and cried.
I don't regret it.
I wanted to phone you, but I thought you wouldn't get it so I didn't phone you in the end.
Tonight in the night sky, the stars are shining very brightly.
She wouldn't even piss on me if I were on fire.
She wouldn't even piss on me if I were on fire.
This smell might come from the oven!
Daddy must be able to cook at least one egg!
The herb used in that pasta sauce might be parsley.
Lucy might be able to help you, if you can't cook dinner for ten people alone.
He might not have eaten for days.
It might be a wedding.
It must be a very expensive restaurant!
The child who ate almost all this cake must be very fat.
It must be a birthday cake!
I have two brothers and three sisters.
The sentences "Let's eat grandpa." and "Let's eat, grandpa." are only one proof that punctuation can change a lot.
Oops - I forgot my medicine.
This family has a five year old child.
She sternly accuses me.
Luckily, we found an escape route.
According to what she said, he's culpable.
Confirm the order.
His father passed away last year.
Stop fooling around.
This might not be a genuine diamond.
We want world peace.
Where is the vodka?
Is the system linear?
Damn! Swiss trains have everything!
Japan is not as big as Canada.
Mathematics are the foundation of all sciences.
Write your surname on the fourth line.
I spent the whole day reading that novel.
There are many famous historic buildings in Kyoto.
This tradition originates from China.
Marriage isn't really something that young people are interested in.
In fact, he too loved her.
I am fed up with his behaviour.
I have never heard of this actor.
They are not all poor.
Did you just get to know him?
My father is not as well as he was before.
I'm sick of eating fast food.
I'm fed up with fast food.
We have the same problem.
Where's the vodka?
Don't go for a walk naked!
I want to sleep with your wife.
He suddenly became very happy.
The house I bought is pretty far from downtown.
The house I'm living in isn't very large.
The girl waiting for that boy is a friend of mine.
The bike parked over there is my brother's.
That writer I mentioned a lot in the past passed away yesterday.
Why is it important to know about a company’s culture?
Businesses often have a list of 5-10 'mission statements' featured in their brochures, on their websites or hanging in their office detailing the values they hold as a form of communication to their employees, their clients and the public.
If you are a potential employee then you should be aware of what the company stands for and how it treats its employees before attending an interview.
Mary is an exceptionally beautiful girl.
If you need to use the services of a company, you may be interested to know what standards they work towards before choosing to work with them.
You may not agree with some of their major policies and this could affect your working relationship.
For some companies their treatment of their employees or clients at any given time could affect their share prices and so inevitably have a great influence on the company’s success or failure.
I feel like I'm going to faint.
Science is still not capable of solving all of life's problems.
You shall not kill.
Don't kill people!
Using a computer can save your time.
To better understand what a company’s culture is you should consider the following points and see how the company deals with them.
She is my best friend.
World War I began in the year 1914.
I'm so tired.
It is not necessary for us to attend this lecture.
I am dying to escape.
Many on-line companies need to have a new approach to business to survive.
One of the major Internet search engines states that ‘Fast is better than slow’.
This shows they have listened to the needs of their clients.
They also have ‘You can be serious without a suit’ as one of their key beliefs.
This implies a fun and relaxed working atmosphere where team achievement is highly valued, communication is extremely important and traditional 3-hour meetings have been replaced by informal chats in the queue for coffee.
I am an electrician.
Please tell me about it.
I don't have any money and I don't have any friends either.
I'd like to go to France one day.
You may write in any language you want. On Tatoeba, all languages are equal.
You may write in any language you want. On Tatoeba, all languages are equal.
He refuses to believe us.
Do you go often?
There's a reason the rumor exploded.
Tomorrow there is a forecast of snow.
He is satisfied with his new car.
The next train arriving at platform 2 will depart for Shibuya at 4:35pm.
How long did it take you to translate this book?
There is no use in making excuses.
There's no use making excuses.
Does she know your telephone number?
He planted tomatoes in his garden.
Washington, D.C., is the capital of the United States of America.
The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C.
If you want to learn a language well, learn it yourself.
Read as much as possible.
That's shit!
I believe he will triumph.
I believe he can win.
He has the opposite attitude to me.
An hexagon has six sides.
My dad's name is Fritz.
I think the sentence would sound more natural like that.
I really hate his dirty jokes.
You are just a whore.
This is obviously dependent on the relationship...
He is keeping an eye out.
There were no mistakes.
He's our English teacher.
Please spell your name.
The widow mourned for her husband for a long time.
I am thinking of closing my savings account.
Is there anybody in the house?
Thank you, please come back soon.
Her father is tall.
Her writing is very good.
You should learn from his example.
He pretends to be gay.
With bronze as a mirror one can dress neatly; with the example of another person one can see the advantages and disadvantages of himself; from the mirror of history one can know the reason for the rise and fall of states.
You're one of them too, aren't you?!
Where's your father?
Pretty soon you will stop thinking of her.
We are going there to see him.
She didn't give me back my money.
My room is just above.
I often read books.
As she's a very practical person, she often fixes her friends' cars.
When my brother was young, I often used to take him to the park.
If I had the money, I would often go out and have fun.
As soon as I have a dog, I'll start going for walks frequently.
He's not a big drinker, but his friends all like to drink, so he often gets drunk.
Xiaoli often loses sleep because his neighbours are always arguing loudly.
Not many customers come to this restaurant in the afternoon.
This is the best restaurant I know of.
There is no need for you to rush.
I have asked him.
He fell and hurt his hand.
I don't understand at all.
How much does a kilo of bananas cost?
An earthquake, 8.9 on the Richter scale, hits Japan and causes a massive tsunami.
Tsunamis swept through rice fields and flooded the towns.
National rescue teams are on standby ready to fly to Japan.
International rescue teams are at the ready to fly to Japan.
We are all praying for Japan.
"You, Sir, are an imperialist!" "And you, Sir, are a troll."
She paid me a visit yesterday.
A massive earthquake of magnitude 8.8 hit the Japanese islands today.
Even now there are occasional aftershocks.
A tiger is a very ferocious kind of animal.
I am a Muslim.
I am a Muslim.
Could you shut the door?
Mary has failed again, but the good thing is that she is still very young.
I'm eating lunch.
Which guitar is yours?
It cost me a thousand yen to get my bicycle fixed.
Nobody can deny that the prisoner is guilty.
They freed the prisoner.
I don't know why he's so mad.
How much does this pen cost?
Studying is a student's work.
Humility often gains more than pride.
Human pride is human weakness.
It's five and you're still not in bed! You just came back from the bar, didn't you?
Even though he's got a lot of girlfriends, he's still not a player.
I must say that your writing is at a pretty good level!
It's my bad.
It's my bad.
There are times when I find you really interesting.
To be honest, I've gradually come to dislike the life here.
I discovered that speaking English was pretty easy.
If you have hope, then you'll certainly find happiness, and will become a role model for others as well.
The two of us are still rather young, and so we don't have this kind of problem.
If you find a bad wife and get married to her, then it will certainly be difficult to be happy later.
There are many ways to improve one's life.
People grow more cynical with age.
What did Brainless and Unhappy do?
Open Sesame!
Don't exceed the speed limit.
How shameful!
This writer is Russian.
I continued to try swimming in the river.
This book's new.
He bought a ticket for Paris.
I don't understand what he said.
'Four' is an unlucky number in Japan.
Your turn to split!
Shame on you.
My father's in the garden.
Every one of his songs was a hit.
Every one of her songs was a hit.
The rest follows naturally.
He can't answer their questions.
When will we have arrived?
My foot hurts.
The police are believed to have arrested the wrong woman.
We're getting a new car next month.
I can never make my son to eat any vegetables.
I don't get the joke.
In Italy, during summer, it doesn't get dark until about nine o'clock.
I'd love to find out why she said so.
Rooms should be left vacant by eleven a.m. on the day of departure.
Come on, Arianna, speed up or we'll never get there!
Cats love to run after balls of wool.
My mother used to pick me up every day when I was at primary school.
Here you can see beautiful colour combinations.
Coming face to face with a dinosaur was a funny experience.
I was having such a good time at the party that I didn't want to come home.
I'd like to go abroad one day.
The shadow of the stick is visible.
Nobody understood why the elephant suddenly turned on its owner.
The phone company cut me off last month.
It's almost midnight here.
They're taking us for cash cows.
What you're saying isn't logical.
The consequences of Sendai's earthquake were dreadful!
It is also a good movie.
My roommate is learning Chinese.
I am studying kanji.
The potato was so hot that it burned my mouth.
I've no way of telling whether or not what he says is true.
I want you to commit seppuku.
Elephants are several times the size of mice.
A tsunami is coming, so please be on the alert.
Hit me.
I've boldfaced the articles that I found interesting.
She looks happy, but deep down, she suffers.
All he thinks about is himself.
Patience is not my forté.
That man stole my wallet.
Tell me the correct answer.
Mother Nature is generous.
Excuse me, could you please show me your driving licence?
I have to study mathematics.
No, that's not right. You have to set α equal to β.
I really need to read all this.
She always believes me.
He easily solved the problem.
It is really cheap.
Who could melt that stone heart of yours?
Yesterday, we had a blast!
Me too.
When will the most probable hypothetical accident occur?
Are you all listening to me?
Are you listening to what I am saying?
There is a lot of dust in the attic.
Even though he's poor, he's happy.
She always believes in me.
I like songs in Esperanto.
Is 6 o'clock OK?
The reservation is already made.
I do not know the train schedules, could you find out for me?
This hut is a very special place.
Is it really worth it?
He came home soon.
He went back to the store.
His own survival is more important now.
This process has a lot of inconveniences.
I have mislaid my baggage.
I lost my luggage.
I'd rather not say.
I'd prefer not to say.
I'd rather die than marry you!
It's really unfortunate. You don't understand at all its essence.
He'd prefer to go on Friday.
How come are you still not sleeping?
Would you rather lie than make him angry?
I'd rather not sleep and finish reading this book.
I'd rather have no money but find love.
Yesterday I became a god, but found that a bit boring, so today I became a devil.
I'd rather skip school and play video games.
Smoking is prohibited on the train.
The victims of the earthquake disaster are numerous.
Smoking is not permitted on the train.
I am not a witch.
I am not a witch.
Marco thinks he writes well.
He's a Parisian.
Shanghai is referred to as the Paris of the East.
Safety is the most important thing.
He is a Hongkonger.
You can get from Washington to New York by train.
He told me that tomorrow he goes from Beijing to England by plane.
Can I ask you a question?
I'm a poor student and I can't pay you.
My daughter loves jumping rope.
It cost me a thousand yen to get my bicycle fixed.
Is this her first time coming to Italy?
It seems that you're not having a good time here.
It seems that you aren't having a good time here.
At what age did you have your first girlfriend?
There's nothing better than taking a nice walk.
Dreams can drive me mad.
Friends are like flowers in the garden of life.
If you don't make the promise, then I'll just stand by and watch.
Even though someone came, she still remained uneasy.
Hey! There's an American who speaks Uyghur here! Hurry up and get over here to inspect his computer!
What percentage of all taxi drivers make unscrupulous detours, do you think?
Are you free tomorrow afternoon?
I have hiccups.
For a long time society was strongly hierarchal and unequal, primarily composed of peasants. The most backward, impoverished population, were crushed by the weight of the taxes, wars, and famines.
I am worried about him.
They water the fruit trees.
I want to be you.
I want to be you.
I often hiccup.
One who has everything can lose everything.
This is an innovative solution.
The multinational corporation has forecast the implementation of economies of scale.
Don't you lie!
Don't lie!
It'll be spring soon.
It's no use arguing about it.
All the world speaks English.
Winter is coming.
It is an endangered species.
It is an endangered species.
He is a stickler for principles.
The construction straddled two centuries.
I beg you.
He is about to become a diplomat at the Chinese Embassy in France.
The conference will be held in a specially selected church.
Lignite is a fossil fuel.
As this is a cascade with multiple layers, it shouldn't be surprising that it's slow.
Please do not open the windows.
Language is awareness.
If you discover any problems on Tatoeba, you should go ahead and blame Sysko.
It's no use trying to escape.
Math is fundamental to any science.
What is the capital of Haiti?
The vast majority of high school students I know can't read an unknown word and pronounce the letters in the right order, let alone pronounce it correctly or naturally.
The robot went out of control.
Jane is not as tall as Mary.
Shops are open from Monday to Saturday.
There used to be a lot of small creeks in old time Shanghai, which included Zhaojia Creek and Yangjing Creek, but they're all covered up nowadays.
New Russians, you say? Wonderful! That's just what we need!
The exhibition has drawn much attention from the public.
It reveals local executives' ambitions of bringing the region back to the top.
It was a fabulous show which brought us an endless delight.
She asked us several questions.
Because you work so much, you are always very tired.
We think that it is dangerous to climb mountains alone.
Have you tasted such good soup before?
The students have returned.
He talked for an entire hour.
He spoke for one hour.
He is towing.
All of these books are mine.
Germans are not willing to produce nuclear energy, but are not against using that of their neighbouring countries.
All of my attempts have failed.
I was forced to learn Spanish.
probitas maxima virtus est.
The toilet is backed up.
When Spain colonized the Philippines, they were administrated by Mexico City. So it was Mexican Spanish, not Castilian Spanish, that influenced Tagalog.
Install Linux!
Who's on duty today?
I like cracking sunflower seeds.
I look down on you!
To be honest, we came to capture you.
To be honest, we came to capture you.
To be honest, we came to capture you.
Only four horses were in the race.
What'll actually happen is anyone's guess.
You'd better take an umbrella with you today.
I am dealing with difficulties.
Who is next?
The cat is under the table.
Is he afraid of death?
I'm not afraid of death.
She isn't afraid of death.
We aren't afraid of death.
They aren't afraid of death.
If it doesn't rain, let's go out.
Aren't we going out to the park today?
Eh? We said we'd go to the park? I didn't realise.
What's your impression of China?
What impression do you have of China?
My impression of America is very good.
What's your impression of that person like?
My impression of this government is that they need a more forceful economic policy, otherwise they'll encounter large problems in the future.
That day left a deep impression on me.
They guarantee this clock can be used for a year.
The staff in that restaurant gave us a very good impression.
What you said left a deep impression on me.
My uncle had me act as a translator.
She used apples to do the jam.
I find her very impressive.
Your CV has really impressed me.
Your résumé has really impressed me.
They helped him get to Canada.
They were busy working for social reforms.
They said the situation was only temporary.
They were only interested in selling books.
You know, I've never seen you with a guy before.
They would capture as many people as possible.
Much of what they wrote about never happened.
They nominated Calvin Coolidge for vice president.
They were forced to kill and eat several of their horses.
The pen is on the desk.
I don't fear death.
I am not afraid of dying.
I do not fear death.
I'm not afraid to die.
I'm not afraid of dying.
Young children cannot determine what is right and what is wrong.
She can assess investments very accurately.
Don't judge other people's traditional culture.
We should judge him according to his actions.
What kind of man was he?
He knew he could not win.
He said Davis must be captured.
Later he wrote to the president.
He loved to laugh and enjoy life.
He resigned and fled the country.
She told him she wanted a divorce.
He is friendly to us and wants our help.
He built an observatory to study the stars.
He was known to the English as King Philip.
He did not think he needed their protection.
He regained consciousness and was able to talk.
He spent his sixtieth birthday in the hospital.
He never gave up hope that he would reach that goal.
He judges other people time and again.
In your view, can we judge other people's religion or not?
The purpose of this interview is to assess whether or not you are suitable for the company.
As he has done a lot of bad things, we can conclude that he is a bad person.
From this you can conclude that feminism is still necessary.
After looking at the research, most of us conclude that vaccines are a good thing.
They are both very competent judges.
This case might not get resolved for a while.
I wonder what he's up to.
Do we exist?
Everyone paired off and began dancing.
Everyone paired off and began dancing.
He joined the Army during the war.
The Japanese military forces seemed too strong to stop.
No one voted against it.
Three voted against the idea.
There was no money for rebuilding.
The Colombian government demanded more money.
As more paper money came into use, the value fell.
Foreign investors withdrew their money from America.
The huge explosion killed six people.
Give me a different example.
You will never be too old to learn.
My father didn't eat much fruit.
When was the last time you urinated?
I have no intention in arguing about your theory.
Many workers starved to death.
Being unfamiliar with foreign languages, you'll never be able to understand the foreigner's silence.
I sent this drum to my father.
The news made him feel deeply sad.
I accepted the offer.
When I was in elementary school, my mother always fetched me from school.
I'm glad to make your acquaintance.
He is ashamed to ask questions.
You shouldn't have sold this to someone.
You should be able to judge when you've had too much to drink.
Even though we are far apart, we still keep in touch.
Even though the distance between us is great, we still communicate.
He is proficient in Farsi.
Chaplin was visionary.
I hope to graduate at the exams.
The Foreign Minister was a puppet.
The employment policy is a failure.
The cargo ship arrived four hours early.
That's my final answer.
This is a very promising industry.
I must say, his behaviour is exemplary.
He has a lot of authority.
The board unanimously decided to appoint her as CEO.
The election was unanimous.
There is no Nobel Prize in mathematics.
You only gave me fifty cents.
He won the Nobel Prize for Literature.
The expansion of the building's west end is being studied.
He has enormous potential.
He got a promotion.
This company is listed on the Paris stock exchange.
This company and I have signed a contract of three years.
No one wanted to talk about it.
The army forced him to resign.
Jackson fell from his horse.
Lincoln himself was silent.
President Lincoln accepted the invitation.
We have reached a partnership agreement.
Our venue wasn't renovated too long ago.
How much do you want in terms of salary?
From what school did you graduate?
The company medical treatment insurance covered all the medical treatment costs.
He is used to teamwork.
According to custom, the bride should be compliant.
This is a fast and effective way of communication.
I ate curry yesterday.
Do you know how old I am?
Do you know my age?
Come here!
I forgive you.
If I had money, I would travel around the world.
Mix the rice, egg and soy sauce.
Please use a pencil to write down your name.
She spent a lot of time practicing the piano.
I have the right to speak, too.
An intellectual is a man who says a simple thing in a difficult way; an artist is a man who says a difficult thing in a simple way.
Raise up your left hand.
Give me the number.
She gave him a slap in the face.
There were two bridges.
Several delegates disagreed.
Industry was growing quickly.
The situation there was critical.
The threat to Richmond was ended.
His condition got worse every day.
The economic situation grew worse.
Thousands of people rushed to Nome.
Thousands of people lost their jobs.
Within hours, the world knew the news.
Interest rates and inflation were high.
There seemed to be no answer to the problem.
Many thousands on both sides had been wounded.
That was where the two armies would fight again.
He is a comedian.
How about going out tonight?
My birthday approaches.
I won't sell this tree shade.
Are you subscribed to the newspaper?
I think that it's too big.
I went there recently.
Not yet.
Not yet.
The high house was covered with a thatched roof.
His words gave me hope.
He is not as intelligent as his brother.
Who solved the hard problem?
He decided to become a pilot.
Paint our house. Use the orange paint.
Our house is made up of seven rooms, one of which is a kitchen.
There is always something happening here.
I'd like to study in China to improve the level of my Chinese.
The reason we're on strike is that the company hasn't improved our wages.
We're on strike because the company hasn't improved our wages.
The reason we're on strike is that the company hasn't improved our wages.
The reason we're on strike is that the company hasn't improved our wages.
We're on strike because the company hasn't improved our wages.
She renewed the soil in the flower pot.
We suggest raising the fees.
The project was a great success.
When you pose a question, you expect an answer.
The interviewer introduces the topic of the interview.
The interviewer identifies his interviewees.
Saeb thinks mathematicians are self-contained walking pieces of heaven.
I know that I know it, but I can't remember it.
I'm not always right, I just always correct you when you make mistakes.
Mortal enemies are immortal friends.
Won't somebody please think of the children?!
Don't marry. Be happy!
He wears glasses.
I know that some people value my work.
Here goes nothing.
I was almost crying for Kylie Minogue.
I want to watch the concert of Kylie Minogue.
A fish rots from the head down.
A fish rots from the head down.
I'm a foreigner.
I'm a foreigner.
If I were a brain in a vat, I wouldn't write this.
This is old news to me.
The serpent tempted Eve.
I can’t stand panties.
Some of the roses in my garden are white, and others are red.
With Renaissance, scholastic ideas gave place to positive ideas.
He lived there for ten years. Then, he moved to Kyoto.
Columbus's Law of Discovery states: If you discovered something BEFORE Christopher Columbus, then what you discovered does not exist.
As far as I know, your letter is under that book.
The company invested a lot of money in this project.
We should break up.
Who will take care of the dog while we are away?
He thought of himself as being charming enough.
She thought of herself as being charming enough.
Switching on a fleshlight won't help you see in the dark.
What would you do in the event of a zombie apocalypse?
You're delusional. Go to bed!
Johnny was a chemist; now Johnny is no more. For what he thought was water, was H2SO4.
If I were healthy, I would be happy.
That old guy is really nice.
He still has springtime on the brain.
Tomorrow, tomorrow, just not today - say all lazy people.
You cannot compare the strength of a man to that of a tiger, but nevertheless, the tiger is still the inferior creature.
I am on the right.
Do you have a house on your own?
You are a vegetarian.
I know it, but I can't hit on it.
Feel free to stay.
You're weird - I like you.
Use it or lose it.
As people get older, their brain cells become less efficient.
Lips that touch liquor shall not touch mine.
The dwarves are great smiths.
You live and learn.
Do you think your schooldays are the happiest days of your life?
The hawk caught a mouse.
The building is one hundred meters high.
Don't panic!
The father is always uncertain.
I own a horse.
Who's the author of this story?
Who's the boss of this company?
Who's that woman standing over there?
Who's the girl at the door?
Tatoeba is a dictionary.
He lives alone.
I killed God.
Christopher Columbus once decided to burn absolutely everything in an entire village after one of the natives stole his parrot. He was disappointed that he couldn't burn their water. So he invented fluorine.
As far as I'm concerned, English is not easy.
People in the United States speak English.
I am not connected to this crime in any way.
The set of prime numbers is countable.
Declarations of variables are extremely important in C and C++.
They named her baby Jenny.
I just knew you would say that.
Why is the sky blue?
A bird can fly.
Nice guys finish last.
I'm in charge of the propaganda.
I won't let you down.
I give you a book.
The cadres inspected our school.
Why are you meowing?
The baby isn't crying anymore.
I don't like spicy food.
Would you like some tea or coffee?
Do you prefer the blue one or the red one?
Is this a newspaper or a magazine?
Every day I either ride a bike or get the bus to work.
Do you want to eat French, Japanese or Chinese food?
Tea or coffee - which would you like?
When I'm feeling low, I talk with friends or go out for a walk.
He speaks English so fluently that he resembles an American.
How many residents live within this city?
I would like to learn to play the piano, guitar or flute.
We'll think about it in due time.
Our topic of the week is: _____.
Have you finished reading that book?
Rain is water falling from clouds.
Let's find sentences with new vocabulary on this topic, add them to the following list: _____; and translate them.
Who are you voting for?
China is an emerging market.
These flowers you see are roses.
Woe to the vanquished.
I wouldn't ask this of you if it weren't important.
This medicine will increase the survival rate of the patients.
The aim of this policy is to improve the environment in the poorest cities.
He believes that Tai Ji has improved his life.
The UK must improve the problems with its rail network.
The manager wants to improve the company's structuring.
Through genetic modification, we can improve crops.
This new market may improve the entire industry.
We've made a lot of progress today.
We've made a lot of improvements today.
If you want to criticise other people, first you must improve your own methods.
I hope to improve my attitude to work.
In order to improve the students' attitude to their studies, the school let them start class an hour later.
I don't know how long I'll have to wait before my creative ability improves.
I don't know how long I'll have to wait before I become more creative.
I bet you'd never heard of a Stroh violin before Tom Waits dug it back up! Anyway, it used a large metal horn as its resonator instead of a wooden box so it could be picked up better by recording equipment before the late 1920s.
I play the tenor saxophone.
Trombones: it may be fun to go wild, but try not to blat the notes.
Famous vibraphonist Stefon Harris has recorded at least one balafon solo.
During the 20th century, Manchukuo was a puppet state.
Saxophonists often double on flutes, which have similar fingerings to their primary instruments.
During the Great Game, Afghanistan was a buffer state.
During the 15th century, the Ryukyu Kingdom was a tributary state of Imperial China.
A guy I met in my physics class made a didgeridoo out of PVC pipe.
Keep in mind that you must die.
Keep in mind that you must die.
She was a tiny girl, but she really held her own on the baritone sax. Nonetheless, I couldn't help but imagine the thing wrapping itself around her and devouring her like a boa constrictor.
In the late 20th century, Yugoslavia was considered a rogue state by the United States.
I hope you practiced your flute solo!
He seduced her with his didgeridoo.
Some analysts consider Somalia as the failed state par excellence.
Puerto Rico is not a sovereign state.
The bassoon is a stumbling block in the english translation.
The bassoon is a stumbling block in the english translation.
I'm surrounded by linguaphiles!
I'm surrounded by linguaphiles!
My grandson is still a baby.
Unhappiness comes without being called.
France is running a welfare state it can no longer afford.
Every time I went to his place, he was studying.
Since I had met him once before, I recognized him right away.
I warned him, but he ignored the warning.
Because his salary is low, he can't buy that house.
Please alight at the next stop.
Guatemala was once qualified as a banana republic.
The offer is too good to be turned down.
I screwed up the very first note.
Writing in a diary is a good habit.
No day without a line.
Friday is housewarming party!
It's in the internet, so it must be true.
There are two staircases in my house.
If you and Marco are well, Paulo and I are well.
Before I start doing small talk, I'd rather not talk at all.
It will make you think about the things you think about in your thoughts.
Let's hope she comes.
I'll be there at half seven.
Play us a tune.
Can you play the dutar?
Do you go running daily?
How do I gain weight?
The girl playing the piano is named Akiko.
Take control of the command post.
You can ask the child that is playing over there.
I come from Colombia.
He is good at football.
Come on, let us talk about flowers.
He can't distinguish between left and right.
He hadn't eaten in two days.
What happened then?
The telephone was invented in 1876 by Bell.
I must help her.
Oh! Seriously?
Swimming in the sea doesn't mean owning the sea.
He bought himself a dog.
I wish all those an unhurried night who want a revision of the existing copyright laws, but actually all the others too.
"Once is like never," implied the young lady. Yet the gynecologist implied: "twins."
This tea tastes good.
The fox and the bear lived together.
They stepped a few paces forward.
You don't understand anything about it.
I see a book.
I didn't know the woman at all.
I didn't participate in the conversation.
Even in rain and snow I enjoy mountain-climbing.
Cold and dry, splendid sunshine, what beautiful winter weather!
Are you coming along with us?
The apple does not fall far from the trunk.
Enjoy the moment!
Are you a tubist?
Do you know if my father is still in the office?
The novel "All Quiet on the Western Front" by Erich Maria Remarque has been translated into more than fifty languages.
The sale prices are written in red ink.
I don't believe the rumours. Do you believe them?
I don't believe the rumours. Do you believe them?
My computer has been infected with BraveSentry.
I managed to repair my car by myself.
Sow the wind, reap the whirlwind.
Sow the wind, reap the whirlwind.
The others can't be bothered.
They will not pass!
They warned the ship about the danger.
I can't calculate the final cost without first discussing it with our contractors.
He is at home.
His behaviour made me feel restless.
Is there someone that can drive?
Can anyone drive?
He'll definitely go to the U.S.
He arrived five minutes after the specified time.
I am well-informed about this topic.
There is a strike.
No one listened to me.
Many of our pioneers are still alive... but, alas, many of them aren't alive any more.
What exactly happened there?
He's running very quickly.
Express yourself as clearly as possible.
You should add those sentences to Tatoeba.
Jane and I play the piano well.
We lived there a long time, by the river.
He thinks that blue is the most beautiful colour.
I arrived just now.
I don't trust him any more.
I would really like to know why he did something like that.
There are people drowning in debt.
The dog chased the rabbit.
I find that it's typical for him to come too late.
He is a member of the parochial board.
I waited for five hours.
A hungry pig dreams of acorns.
You don't like love stories, do you?
The dancer's every move was perfect.
She was an intelligent woman with an erotic aura.
Did you hear the click?
Can I enter a sentence in French?
Love is a trick.
Love doesn't exist.
We accept checks.
She doesn't have anything to do with this question.
You must've been surprised to meet your teacher in such a place.
Here and now.
This sanza is really good!
She continued with the work.
I am not a student.
I am busy.
I am very busy.
I will do it.
We have arrived!
They tried the bus.
Water is liquid.
He'll never beat me.
We are late.
She and I were in the same class in middle school.
Where did you get the money to buy that dress?
There are many scenic places in Xinjiang.
All of Steve's jobs were boring or not well-paid or both.
Let's take a picture for memory's sake.
He died three years ago.
I forget what it's about.
Lucy was bantered by her grandparents.
I've gained weight.
Italian television is useless.
Translation is the language of Europe.
He stepped into my space.
Within two hours the sun had set.
I hope he will wait for me.
I don't want to listen to you complaining again.
To err is human. To blame someone else for your mistakes is even more human.
Twenty-five years after Chernobyl, milk, mushrooms and berries are still contaminated in some parts of Ukraine.
I love Monday!
Food processors tend to be shorter and wider than blenders.
Blenders are nice for people who really like smoothies.
Shizuko composed a poem about the change of the seasons.
I met him on his way home.
I met him while I was coming home.
I met him while he was coming home.
The manager reprimanded the man by pounding on the table.
The manager reprimanded the man who was pounding on the table.
Many Asians have English as a common language.
Jesus loves you.
We took a wrong turn.
I was an honest man until 1985.
The common language of many anime is subtitles.
Losing his balance from a sudden gust of wind, the tightrope walker fell to his death.
He is absorbed in his research.
She is wearing dancing shoes.
You are free to go.
You will regret it!
Let's write in turns.
What is the name of that bird?
What's the name of that bird?
You've got to apologize.
I've been in China for less than a month.
Let's go out and eat dinner together from time to time.
I work for you.
Grease the waffle maker.
Blondes earn 7% more than women with any other hair color.
One out of 455 women doesn't realize she's pregnant until the twentieth week of pregnancy.
Women eat lighter meals when they're eating with a guy.
I will stay until tomorrow.
In all of the gardens in my city it is illegal to trample the flower beds.
She is pleased at her success.
I need many books.
Does one of you want to come here and redo what I just did?
He gives some meat to the dog.
Give some meat to the dog.
We must respect other people's privacy.
Don't kid around.
I can't undo it.
Mark is so honest that everybody commends him for it.
Mark is so honest that everyone praises him for it.
Her idea is better than yours.
This is the lady who wants to see you.
It's safe to say so.
She's Tom's younger sister.
I know you will.
Let's take the bus.
I need a lot of books.
I really like French cooking.
"What time is it now?" "It's 10 o'clock."
How much did the glasses cost?
Why are you guys so angry?
Why are you so mad?
I waited for her forever.
I waited for her for a really long time.
You should have warned him sooner.
Did you know that this is a sentence?
Did you know that this is a question?
Gotcha!
Liu Xiaobo is Chinese.
He's already too far away to hear us.
I would so love to see you.
His observations are sharp, but he doesn't say much.
There are two kinds of fox spirits: good fox and bad fox.
Jim entered the room quietly so he wouldn't wake the baby.
I'm an anthropology research student, and my topic is 'Chinese medicine in Britain'.
If you would agree to answer some of the questions below, I would be extremely grateful.
When using this information, I will of course follow your requirements.
Anonymity or detailed reference are both fine.
Please reply in Chinese or English.
How long have you been practising Chinese medicine in the UK?
What are your reasons for practising Chinese medicine in the UK?
Does your family background involve Chinese medicine?
Which aspects of Chinese medicine do you specialise in?
Please provide contact details.
Please specify any conditions you have for the use of this information.
What's your full name?
Say no to drugs.
Just say no.
Winners don't use drugs.
April is the national minority health month.
I hate you.
I'd gladly pay more for something if it's of high quality.
I am Hungarian.
Would you please have a look at these papers?
Other people's expectations affect how we behave.
Why did you cry?
I regret that I couldn't go with her.
I'm disappointed that I wasn't able to go with her.
"Literary composition is a great achievement that concerns the ruling of a state, a splendid affair of eternal standing".
The reason the Northern and Southern Dynasties had failed in their rule was that they allowed literary splendor to surpass real substance.
When using this information, I will follow any conditions you specify, whether that's anonymity or giving detailed reference.
It is not enough to do good; one must also do it well.
I have a spare today.
A beard does not make a philosopher.
I hate ticks!
One of the great mysteries of life is how a cat decides what to do next.
A beard doesn't make a philosopher.
What are you crying for?
I don't like teachers who like students who don't like asking questions.
I don't like teachers who like students who don't like asking questions.
With you it's summer all year round.
The mind should be a good servant, but the heart should be the master.
The tsunami alert was cancelled.
The minimum wage in Okinawa is 642 yen per hour.
I did not lose my mind, I sold it on eBay.
Other people can think what they want, as long as they think like I do.
Something wrong?
Only some students understand that aspect.
I want to do spring cleaning.
He only says these things as a joke.
History is life's lover.
Of course he's innocent.
Broad safety measures were put into effect.
The plan was carried out.
The plan was executed.
Are you proud of your work?
This suit seems really expensive.
This heating equipment uses diesel as fuel.
Can you show me how to tie a tie?
She's very obstinate.
Forgive me for being frank. You have erred.
The government clearly stated its intention to lower taxes.
A fallen tree blocked the road.
Once in a while, we should take a step back and think.
The dog fell asleep on top of the blanket.
Can you re-do it for me?
This is difficult to believe.
A foreign language can't be mastered in a year or so.
Tux is the mascot for Linux.
You've overdone it.
You've gone too far!
It's not easy to control the languages that you can speak!
Cut the cake with that knife.
"You want to travel to so many countries, how do you plan to communicate with other people?" "That is not a problem. I can speak Esperanto."
She was very kind to everyone.
She was kind to everybody.
Which Buddhist school of thought do they belong to?
Which schools is Buddhist thought divided into?
Now that we are at nearly the same level, we can start learning some piano duets.
All that Jack does is sleep.
Her oldest daughter got married.
He studies economics at university.
I just ate sushi and drank beer.
Even though I studied English for 6 years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.
How tall is your little brother?
He plays baseball tomorrow.
Do you have a temperature?
I am going to France in Summer this Year.
I'm hoping that'll happen.
I'm hoping that that'll happen.
I want to go there.
"No way!" "Yes, yes way."
I want much more.
I will lend you this dictionary.
I've already eaten dinner.
She is holding an umbrella in her hand.
She was holding a small parasol in her hand.
I'm really surprised you got a prize.
Could you take a picture of us?
Can you take a picture of us?
Would you be able to take a picture of us?
We heard a voice from the bedroom.
My front teeth stick out.
If there was no sun, all the animals would be dead.
I still haven't finish my homework.
We study English, since it is an important subject nowadays.
No. I apologise, but I need to leave a bit early.
I will call you in a while.
I've just had lunch.
I've just eaten lunch.
I guess you're right.
She becomes drowsy after dinner.
Bob can also drive.
Bob is also able to drive.
Grr! I'm itchy all over, and it's driving me crazy.
She's fluent in English.
You're really brave, aren't you?
You're in my way.
He does well in physics.
I'm feeling blue today.
I'm in a bad mood today.
She woke up in the early morning.
I'll wait till four o'clock.
I'll wait until four o'clock.
Fever flushed his cheeks.
I had a long talk with her.
I'm extremely grateful to you.
Being late is always better than not showing up at all.
She always dresses in black.
She always wears black.
I don't like you.
I think there's a balance to be had.
The road is slippery.
The street is slippery.
Sharon found out that she was going to have a baby.
A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony, in a moment.
There is a proverb that goes "time is money", but there is another one that goes "money can't buy you time".
As the saying goes: "good always triumphs over evil". But there's another saying that: "the fight against evil is a constant struggle".
There’s a saying that goes, “the coming of fortune in pairs”. But there’s another saying that says, “Fortune comes but never in pairs and misfortune always”.
I don't feel like translating this sentence.
Forgiving others is a kind deed to yourself.
To forgive others is an act of kindness to yourself.
Don't look down on yourself, because people have limitless possibilities.
Do more, and fail less.
Our biggest enemy may not be someone else, but ourselves.
Our biggest enemies may not be other people, but ourselves.
Anger is punishing yourself for other people's mistakes.
A person's happiness does not come from owning a lot, but from caring about little.
Acknowledge your own faults before criticizing others.
Good times are always good days.
We want to protect both society and the environment.
Only with wisdom can one distinguish between good and evil; only with humility can one build a happy life.
If confidence, determination and courage are together in one place, there is nothing that cannot be done.
The most beautiful thing in the sky are the stars, the most beautiful thing in life is kindness.
Don't be afraid of having tigers for enemies; be afraid of having pigs for friends.
Do you really think that I will simply watch you walk into trouble? I'd close my eyes.
Please don't speak English when I am around, OK?
Problems that can be solved with money are not real problems.
Quitting smoking is easy, quitting you is too hard.
You can't please everybody, because not everyone is human.
Optimists see opportunities in disasters while pessimists find disasters in every opportunity.
Don't fear being put upon. Fear instead being unable to help.
Even if one is to "believe", there is still a "lie" in the midst.
Real friendship doesn't mean that you will never run out of things to say, but that you don't get embarrassed when you don't have anything to say.
If there are 1000 steps between us, you only need to take one step, and I will take the other 999 to you.
Any problem that can be resolved with money isn't a problem, but the problem is that I'm poor.
What matters in life is not where you are but where you are headed.
What are you unhappy about? Let it out and let everyone cheer you up a bit.
We start class at 9am, but he came as early as 8 o’clock.
She was only 18 when she graduated from university.
One of our players scored a goal just five minutes after the match started.
We start class at nine o'clock, but he didn’t come until quarter past.
Last night my daughter didn't come home until half past one.
He didn't get a driving licence until he was twenty-eight.
Have you eaten lunch?
The interpreter tries to give the most detail and information possible.
The truth?
The Polish language is involved.
It was a calm winter evening.
They sell everything here.
I can't eat raw eggs; they must be cooked.
Please fill this water bottle.
He explained the literal meaning of the sentence.
Do you know where these equations come from?
Where's the nearest station?
Who are your most interesting friends?
Please forgive me asking such a personal question.
Don't argue with an idiot, or else people might not be sure which of you is really the idiot.
They have no impact on the environment.
The fitting room is occupied.
It seems that Mr. Tanaka has taken his exam.
The girl closed her eyes and listened to the pastor.
You alone can do it, but you can't do it alone.
She is sitting on the bench.
She's sitting on the bench.
She sat on a bench.
"No way!" "Way."
His company was set up in 2005.
This is exactly what I need.
Pay attention to your food.
Mix the rice and eggs with soy sauce.
Mix the rice, egg and soy sauce.
What's the dessert?
Add meat.
I want to eat a Dapanji!
Why do people commit suicide?
You never get my jokes.
How arrogant!
Yesterday I bought two steamed buns.
After you get to the traffic lights, turn right.
Tomorrow I’ll go out with friends after having lunch.
I ate three pieces of cake.
I only slept for three hours.
I slept only three hours.
If you’ve only slept for three hours, you certainly won’t do well in the exam.
Once you’ve done your homework for an hour, you can watch TV.
The weather is cold now.
The weather is getting cold.
I don’t smoke any more.
She’s a doctor now.
She’s a doctor now.
He can drive a car now.
You’ve had eleven bottles of beer!
He’s been asleep for ten hours now.
I've only been online for ten minutes.
Can you make it?
I can't see!
You can't buy apples any more!
Apples have sold-out!
This dog is a crossbreed.
He reprimanded me for my oversight.
Susan polished her father's shoes.
He ate all of the apples.
Did you find your contact lenses?
You should've introduced yourself.
This was a premeditated crime.
I can't drink alcohol.
Hand in a bibliography of your sources.
If you don't understand, ask.
This tree is three meters around.
Is this everything?
She's a blue-eyed Chinese Muslim.
I can't find him anywhere.
We are not going on vacation.
Not one friend came.
No friends came.
We haven't received a telegram.
Your question has no answers.
He sang some old songs.
I am patiently listening, but I don't feel interested.
They never do exercise.
I gave him sweets.
I eat bread.
This isn't money.
I only eat meat.
I don't eat bread.
I don't drink water.
I have lost one of my folders.
I've lost one of my folders.
She is upset.
He is always a little irritable in the morning.
He drunk wine, so he is slightly drunk.
I think you're hungry.
You broke the rules.
Why are you awake?
She's determined to become a secretary.
He doesn't drink enough breast milk.
Do you know accounting?
Children really like playing on the beach.
There is a position available for a secretary.
Real men drink tea.
It was yesterday that she went.
Has your phone connected?
She took a bite of the apple.
I went out with my friends.
It was with my friends that I went out.
I studied Chinese in Beijing.
It was in Beijing that I studied Chinese.
I study Chinese in Beijing.
It was in Beijing that I studied Chinese.
It was in Beijing that I studied Chinese.
Last Friday I ate dinner with my girlfriend in a restaurant.
It was last Friday that I ate dinner with my girlfriend in a restaurant.
It was with my girlfriend that I ate dinner in a restaurant last Friday.
It was in a restaurant that I ate dinner last Friday with my girlfriend.
Today I came to work by car.
I wrote this letter in French.
He found out this information online.
It was my grandfather that told me that story.
He was interested in me.
Did you go to London that day?
Who was it that he phoned?
Was it in May that I was born?
It wasn't in Paris that we met.
My wallet wasn't stolen by him.
I sell clothing online.
It was online that I sold the clothes.
The man I bumped into yesterday was Mr. Hill.
It's very easy to miss this kind of mistake.
Can I get my money back?
I talked to him on the telephone yesterday night.
This medicine does not have side effects.
Can I serve you?
You should've come yesterday.
I am going to sleep.
He's a goal keeper.
I haven't finished breakfast yet.
I've been busy since yesterday.
I have eight siblings.
I didn't play tennis yesterday.
I've finished cleaning my room.
I have already finished reading this book.
I've already finished reading this book.
He is sitting on two chairs.
When one is in difficulty and comports themselves well, that is a master.
He is doing the homework.
He is in the process of doing his homework.
These days it snows quite a lot.
I know what he did.
It's difficult to understand his theory.
We don't know whether he can come or not.
Lawyers are all liars.
You will exist but you will never know what it is to live.
"The good die young" is an old saying which may or may not be true.
The teacher confiscated a student's phone because he was texting in class.
I'm really sorry. I seem to have lost your umbrella.
I lost my money.
This work is not suited to young girls.
I do not know what to do to get through this month.
My head hurts. Maybe I should take an aspirin.
I didn't see anybody.
I speak a little Scottish Gaelic.
I forgot it in the garage.
They cleaned everything, from the basement to the attic.
They have a very nice veranda.
I'm always hungry.
She gave her seat to an elderly person.
He left behind some things for his son.
He couldn't go against his principles.
A lie is like a flower in full bloom. It may look pretty, but it wilts quickly.
I've enjoyed reading this novel.
What are your plans for tonight?
He's been to the stadium.
He is taller than his little brother.
He teaches English to his friend.
He was harshly criticized.
He was harshly criticised.
He underwent severe criticism.
Supposedly, his father once betrayed China.
One pair of red chopsticks broke.
A pair of red chopsticks broke.
Other than Sundays, I work every day.
Women really are quite dangerous. The more I think about this, the more I'm able to understand the reasoning behind face covering.
I saw wolves in the Appennines.
Idiot! She's not being honest when she says she loves you. Haven't you figured it out yet? She's just a gold digger.
All of them are just here to pick up girls.
After he stated his belief that prostitution was the oldest profession in the world, he refused to change his mind.
They went to Edinburgh to escape from the summer heat.
Many people think that success means having a lot of money.
Why are people always called Tom in random sentences?
Will it be Saturday tomorrow?
I am glad to hear that you know how she is called.
Goodnight, Timmy.
It doesn't matter what he said.
Ewondo is the language spoken by the Ewondo tribe of Cameroon.
I prefer traditional characters. Due to the abundance of reading materials in simplified characters, I can recognize many of them too.
I can't sleep because of the noise.
No love without envy.
Do you have a child?
My mother looked at me with tears in her eyes.
He's later than you think.
"Michael" is a man's name but "Michelle" is a lady's name.
I came for you.
Two years ago I went to China.
The man is eating bread.
Tom is bigger than me.
Her dad won't come, he is very busy.
I am pretty pleased with you.
Looking at your Facebook friends' photos is a waste of time.
Walking from the station to the house takes only five minutes.
Which language is spoken in the United States of America?
Without water, you could not live.
My name is Ludwig.
My name is Ludwig.
Liars must have a good memory.
She traveled around the world.
I'm not in a mood to go out.
Right now is the time of year to see the cherry blossoms.
I'm a forty-year-old student at Hyogo University.
Luke, I am your father.
She speaks Russian.
I'm not as fond of music as you are.
I don't like music as much as you do.
I like football.
The murderer confessed his crime.
She has a dog and six cats.
Your question has no answer.
There is not an answer for your question.
I've been studying in China for ten months.
What I have learnt is not just the Chinese language, but something about the country itself as well.
That's to say, I have a better understanding of the Chinese nation.
She is older and wiser now.
Of course, I learnt about China from textbooks when I was in Japan, but what I see for myself in China is completely different from what is described in those textbooks.
Today's Beijing has given me a very deep impression and aroused my curiosity.
I can describe China, especially in relation to big cities like Beijing, in one sentence - China is a country whose pace of life is both fast and leisurely.
When I first came to Beijing, I loved to stroll everywhere, but Beijing was not like what I had imagined.
Its modernization was far beyond my expectations.
New buildings are being built here, there and everywhere.
The small restaurant of today may be a big hotel tomorrow.
Beijing is changing so rapidly.
On seeing this, I can't help thinking: Can the residents of Beijing keep up with such a pace?
Do they all enjoy such high speed development?
Is there any leisure in China?
It has: it is in the heart of the Chinese people.
There is: it is in the heart of the Chinese people.
It has: it is in the heart of the Chinese people.
While walking, I used to feel somewhat in a hurry.
At first, I had no idea why.
At first, I had no idea why.
I later realized that Beijing people walk slowly.
I later realized that Beijing people walk slowly.
What's more, Chinese people like taking naps.
This isn't my opinion, it's just what I've translated.
Now, I also enjoy it.
Now, I like it too.
I have come to realize that China is developing quickly but the Chinese people live a relatively leisurely life.
I have come to realize that China is developing quickly but the Chinese people live a relatively leisurely life.
I’m learning Chinese in Beijing.
It never rains but it pours.
It never rains but it pours.
I'll write to you soon.
I am using Twitter.
She likes walking alone.
My name is Jisung.
Other than Sundays, I work every day.
Does a dog have a Buddha-nature or not ?
My brother named his cat Huazi.
He studies English, but he also studies German.
I am not correct, but you are.
You are going to make me go crazy!
You are going to drive me crazy!
Alexandre often goes to the supermarket.
"It must bother you to have taken a bad master." "I'm stupid too. So, it's all right."
They implemented a communication policy so as to promote their new concept.
Generally, men are taller than women.
Don't mess me around!
You're very pretty.
I don't know if he can come tonight.
I think that you should break up with your boyfriend.
I wish you'd go.
The lack of money is the root of all evil.
Language is one of the most important inventions of mankind.
This medicine may cure him.
Maybe she will not come.
I left Japan ten years ago.
The station is two meters away.
I have no money at all.
I can do it without her help.
I can do it without your help.
She has a pure heart.
Greifswald is in Western Pomerania.
Rather than live a hundred years as a rabbit, live one day as a tiger.
That belongs to my brother.
They hope to be able to find a well-paid job.
He killed him to avenge his dead father.
He killed him to avenge his dead father.
He killed him to avenge his dead father.
He killed him to avenge his dead father.
He killed him to avenge his dead father.
Serious illnesses call for emergency care.
This is a great type of cure.
Creating creativity itself is improving creativity.
This type of problem should be able to be solved.
Before we welcome the beautiful tomorrow, every rich men will ensure they have sufficient rest!
Can you confirm that it is a correctable error?
Please call a taxi for this lady.
If a man had 11 sheep and all but 9 died, how many sheep would he have left?
Her eyes were full of sadness.
Her eyes were full of sadness.
His daughter is able to recite a lot of poems.
I can't find the waistcoat of my three piece suit.
Water boils at one hundred degrees.
Children are all foreigners.
Children are all foreigners.
O Romeo Romeo, why are you Romeo?
Edit your work better before you submit it, it's sloppy.
Can you please close that window?
I'm very well, thank you.
You should've kept it secret.
I like to eat hot soup.
He's of the type "do as I say, not as I do".
Who is reading?
Two children are sitting on the fence.
This is easy.
It's very easy.
This is difficult.
It's very difficult.
He took off the wife-beater.
Being sick is very boring.
When do you need it by?
Oh, sure.
It was the only way to go.
I don't know. What do you think?
Would you like a little more salad?
I don't know what kind of person he is.
Soccer players make a lot of money.
Give me a little.
Their arsenal is very powerful.
Once he got the news of his daughter-in-law's death, he totally freaked out.
He interrupted our conversation.
Please continue.
What's the exchange rate today?
It's a new book.
There is a call for you.
I'm a foreigner and I don't know Czech very well. Please, speak slowly.
A foreigner? And where are you from?
How long will they stay?
What's wrong with your dog?
They vacationed in France last year.
Don't leave!
Let’s go to the movies!
I bought a car in Derry yesterday.
So be it!
You've gained weight, haven't you?
No comment.
No comment.
I wake him up at six o'clock in the morning every day.
Of course, she accepted the invitation.
To whom did you give the book?
Whose is it?
The professor teaches Czech.
His teeth are white like a pearl.
We need more.
He was drowned.
He was drowned.
We can't see the other side of the moon.
Cats hate water.
She and I have nothing in common.
He asked her seven times to marry him.
She did it carefully.
What did you say? Please repeat it.
Mario is an Italian citizen.
The little girl lived in Brazil.
I'm going on vacation next week.
A clear conscience is an extraordinarily soft pillow.
This classroom is separated from that one by a wall.
He thinks he's so great.
China and Mongolia are separated by the Great Wall of China.
Please refrain from disturbing me.
I do not accept your suggestion.
Is this "giving sermons" or "sticking one's nose in someone else's business"?
Is this patronizing or meddling in someone else's business?
My home is separated from his by a river.
Which ocean separates China and America?
They are separated by a great distance.
What separates Guangdong from Guangxi?
We are only separated by the Pacific Ocean.
Genius and madness are separated only by success.
One day apart seems like a separation of three years.
This medicine has a strong effect.
This is a serious medicine.
I'm sure his brother is very young.
I'm happy to see you here.
Do you like to drive?
Why has this happened?
How much time has passed?
Ancient people liked to tell stories of bravery.
Two men are checking on what's wrong with the car.
I want that, in addition to your work, for there to be other sources of fun in your life.
I would like to eat.
Why did he do such a thing?
He is twice as old as she is.
Sorry it took me so long to write to you.
Her dream is to visit Paris.
Her feelings are easily hurt.
Yep.
He believes that he is a doctor.
We're finding it difficult deciding on which one to buy.
Her argument was not based on facts.
I do not want any bananas at all.
I do not want any milk at all.
He does not have any friends.
"Will Juma go to the market with Hasani?" "No, he will go alone."
I don't go anywhere on Sunday.
Fred was thrilled to buy the car.
We are having lunch.
We are having dinner.
May I have a glass of milk, please?
I speak Swedish.
You can understand Swedish.
Classes begin next week.
She understands you now.
The boy is eating bread.
I haven't yet finished my supper.
I haven't finished my supper yet.
We saw them last night.
This little girl lives in Brazil.
She is not as punctual as her little sister.
Is it OK for me to remove my wedding ring and go to a dating party when I have a pregnant wife?
It's strange that Ken doesn't agree with us.
They are taking a walk.
His wife is a friend of mine.
I don't have a cat.
I've nowhere to sleep tonight.
Why didn't you read the magazine?
What will you have for lunch today?
This orange is delicious.
This man has a horse.
He worked in a big city hospital.
This child don't know what's coming for him.
Choose one.
I spent 3000 yen on a new CD.
Last night we were stargazing on the roof.
I am unable to finish my homework.
Sometimes we need to look back to know where we are going to.
He's coming closer.
They knocked down a part of the wall.
A fall into a pit, a gain in your wit.
Our city used to be a village.
It looks like the dog wants something to eat.
We shouldn't laugh at his mistake.
Say a simple phrase.
Every morning, the corridor was swept clean.
That man pushed her to the side.
He can speak not only English, but also French.
He can speak English, and also French.
My left hand fell asleep.
They are looking for trouble.
I am staying in my uncle's house in Tokyo.
Life would be impossible without the sun.
Without the sun, there would be no life.
Without the sun, life is impossible.
It's my birthday soon.
There is no way of knowing where he is.
I'd like to finish the work on my own.
He lives in a village near Osaka.
You don't seem to be comfortable. Are you ill?
I didn't think you were so old.
The window overlooks the courtyard.
To drink together is to become sworn brothers.
That was beyond my comprehension.
We are not her relatives.
I don't know where my crutches are. Have you seen them?
Every day is a sacred day.
Please accept my sincere congratulations on your success today.
He brought me to the bus stop.
He took me to the station.
Yesterday was Friday; the day after tomorrow is Monday.
We are in the age of nuclear energy.
No one can control him.
It is very hot this morning!
That is worth considering.
Did you have a good rest?
Shall we rest a bit?
She's only a child.
Remember!
Be sure to remember!
Lonely people perpetuate their own loneliness through their fear of others.
Lonely people tend to be afraid of meeting others, which ensures they will always be lonely.
I heard you.
She was happy to come, but she was on holiday.
She is still a girl.
This has been the driest six months in thirty years.
I know a guy named Smith.
I am acquainted with one Mr. Smith.
I'm not a magician.
Can you speak Klingon?
A cup of coffee cleared up my headache.
Water is much needed.
I've been reading this for a few hours.
She advised him to drink more milk.
She asked him questions.
She decided to marry him.
She decided to marry him.
She didn't want him to play poker.
She followed him home to find out where he lived.
She fooled him.
She gave him a massage.
She gave him a sweater.
She gave him something hot to drink.
She hated him so much.
She helped him tie his tie because he didn't know how to.
She hit him.
She introduced me to him at the party.
She killed him with a knife.
She made him a new coat.
She married him for his money.
She pulled him out of the mud.
She showed him to his seat.
She stabbed him in the back.
She told him that she believed in astrology.
She trusts him.
She used to live with him.
She used to love him.
She wants to go out with him.
She wants to hug him.
She warned him not to go out at night alone.
She was advised by him to go to the police.
She was asked to convince him to get his son or someone else to paint the house.
She was asked to convince him to paint the house.
She whispered something to him.
She woke him up.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
She'll love him forever.
She's older than him.
She's younger than him.
To me, there aren't any fundamental differences between the cultures of these two countries.
We're all human beings, so in my opinion each country's culture is 90% the same.
Although people like to focus on the differences, I think that on the whole it's the same.
When answering this question, some people might put forward this kind of example: "Chinese people are very hospitable, whilst English people are more reserved."
Maybe this opinion is correct.
However, I've never been a guest in an English household that wasn't generous.
It seems that everyone likes to be generous in welcoming guests to their home.
If there are genuine differences between these two cultures, I think that the largest are certainly in what you think about foreigners studying your native language.
I think that English people might be more used to language learners than people in other countries.
This is due to English being a world language.
There are many people in the world studying English, so English people are used to learners' non-standard accents, their grammatical errors and so on.
The result is that English people usually have no problem understanding what foreigners say.
However, there are fewer people learning Chinese, so I think Chinese people are not too familiar with the foreign accents and mistakes.
Of course, another explanation of this situation is that Chinese is harder to learn than English.
Furthermore, I still don't think this a huge cultural difference.
Teach me how to fold a paper crane. I forgot how to fold it.
After, cook it on a low flame for 30 minutes and you're done.
Can you please tell me your name once more?
What's this song? I've heard it before, but I can't remember the name.
She likes red bayberries.
If you don't understand, ask a question.
Play the Humppa!
If you want to learn a language well, learn it by yourself.
In other words, you're stupid.
That girl is good-looking.
Mom is preparing a meal in the kitchen.
This is a strange sentence.
The man ate the bread.
We are determined to protect the motherland.
This is too expensive!
I live in Canton.
Move quietly.
Nothing is holy.
Tangerines contain a lot of vitamin C.
Mu shu pork is my speciality.
The noise woke her up.
I am writing a paper on the French Revolution.
A leopard never changes its spots.
I am very happy to see you again.
It's not the person that's ugly, but the clothes.
I want to die with Getter Jaani.
I want to die with Getter Jaani.
Those without knowledge can do nothing, and those who can do nothing can eat nothing.
There is nothing wrong with knowledge obtained by asking.
There are no difficult things in the world, but only weak-hearted people.
The joke loses everything when the joker laughs himself.
I like to be with you.
Say hi to your father for me.
John is my good friend.
There will be blood.
She said she had been happy.
Let's wait here until he comes back.
I heard that Mary wants a divorce.
She's two years older than you.
My father has five siblings.
The baby was sleeping soundly in his mother's arms.
Every time he comes here, he orders the same dish.
You've already read the book?
Almost everyone came.
Who's the girl in this picture?
We should learn from those who have gone before us.
What's the meaning of this phrase?
This is simplified Chinese.
How often do you eat fish?
Vladivostok is a city in Russia.
Vladivostok is a city in Russia.
Who's the man playing the piano?
Who's the man playing the violin?
I like foreign languages.
Divide the pizza in three.
It's hard to quit smoking.
This little baby tore up a 10 dollar bill.
When eating, the largest plate is always the table.
Boil the water.
Did you know that if you plug a pickle into an electrical outlet, it glows and makes buzzing noises?
Suzanne is two years older than me.
Her novel was translated into Japanese.
He held her hand in a firm clasp.
Three cubed is twenty-seven.
Three cubed makes twenty-seven.
The pen is on the table.
You are just saying that.
Remember me to your family.
I wish you a happy birthday.
She is an industrial designer.
That film was a great draw.
It's only a matter of time.
The major religions in China are Taoism, Buddhism, Islam and Christianity.
Of these, Taoism is a native religion, the others having been introduced from foreign lands.
Taoism was founded on the teachings of Laozi, a sage born in 604 B.C. in present-day Henan Province.
He taught contemplation as a means of spiritual purification and the attainment of the Dao, a principle that signifies the highest spiritual ideals of mankind.
His teachings are incorporated in a profound book Daode Jing which Taoists regard as the final authority and doctrines of the religion.
It is generally believed that Buddhism first came to China in 67 A.D. during the reign of Emperor Mingdi of the Eastern Han Dynasty.
Afterwards, because it was sanctioned by many of the successive dynasties Buddhism became widespread and had a tremendous impact on the development of Chinese thought, culture and art.
Islam first reached China about the middle of the 7th century.
As commercial and cultural contacts between East and West developed, Arab and Persian traders began calling on China along the Silk Road in increasing numbers.
In 1807, Robert Morrison, the first British Protestant missionary to China arrived in Guangzhou.
He and a colleague who went to China later translated The New Testament into Chinese.
Once, Zhuangzi dreamed he was a butterfly, but when he woke up, he wasn't sure whether he was Zhuangzi who had dreamt being a butterfly or if he was a butterfly now dreaming he was Zhuangzi.
There is: it is in the heart of the Chinese people.
I feed my dog once a day.
I don't feed my dog in the morning.
I have never fed my dog a banana.
How do I get my dog to eat dog food?
She is the one who feeds our dog.
I've always fed my dogs in the early evening.
The coat doesn't have any pockets.
I'm sorry that I didn't reply to you sooner.
He behaved like a madman.
Strawberries sell for a high price in the winter.
What do my hobbies bring to my life?
My hobbies are not only wide-ranging but also useful.
In my view, everyone should have intellectual hobbies as well as an interest in physical activities.
In terms of intellectual hobbies, I really like learning Chinese characters.
Normally I might study Chinese characters for an hour a day.
Last time I counted, I estimated that I know around 2500 Chinese characters.
It's obvious that I spend too much time studying Chinese characters, so I ought to study other aspects of the language more.
Apart from languages, I'm also interested in technology.
I think that computers can help students use more effective study methods.
I use all kinds of software to study Chinese.
Of those, the one I use most often is a flashcard system.
I often read English and Chinese blogs online.
Because Chinese blogs use a lot of slang, I usually don't understand them that well, but I still think it's good for my Chinese.
I also run my own website, to try and record my progress and to help other people a little bit.
As for physical exercise, although I loathe most sports (I think they're really boring), I do like going to the gym to lift weights.
Every other day I go with a friend; we lift weights whilst chatting together.
Because there's the chance to help each other, as well as some healthy competition, I think going to the gym with friends is the best way.
When you're about to have exams, lifting weights really does relieve stress, and it's also good for your mind and body.
All in all, I think my hobbies are balanced; they bring some relaxation to my life, and at the same time bring focus to my studies.
He's the scapegoat.
They are not singing, they are flirting with each other.
It's just that because he hasn't made something of himself, his father won't look at him.
I don't care about him.
I'm here.
I've arrived.
Oṃ - the gem is in the lotus - hūṃ
She went to the hospital by taxi.
You'd better not go there again.
Are you fed up of desserts?
She can only go to the company to do voluntary work on Sundays.
He speaks in a dialect.
As usual, I mispronounced words and broke my sentences up in the wrong places.
I gave all of the Chinese proverbs back to the teacher.
I bared my soul to her.
I spoke from the heart.
He ordered a chop suey.
He ordered a chop suey.
I always make typos.
We can only abuse of things that are good.
Lucy can't use chopsticks.
There is no need to be so strict.
Jump down! There is nothing else you can do!
Not that he couldn't, but he's too lazy a man to do it.
Not that he couldn't, but he's too lazy a man to do it.
I don't dare to do that kind of thing.
I can answer your question.
You're never satisfied!
I didn't forget.
Where are the plates?
I'm full!
Kids go to school to study.
I have no idea why he did that.
Hurry back.
We'll know the truth before long.
It's likely that she'll succeed.
Do you mind if I open the door?
We had seen Jone swimming across the river.
What you said doesn't make sense.
I think it's time for me to buy a house.
If you want something done right, do it yourself.
Quiet down.
He comes from Genoa.
He comes from Geneva.
This is your doing!
I get you.
It's later than you think.
What's the meaning of this word?
What's the meaning of this word?
China gives me many different impressions.
Firstly, I think that the first time each foreigner is in China, the earliest impression is certainly the size of the country.
I still remember the first time I was in China; I was in Shandong, and I realised that that province alone is twenty six thousand square kilometres bigger than England.
Because it's a developing country, some aspects of China aren't as good as those in Western countries.
However, other aspects have already surpassed the standards of many Western countries.
For example, China's public transport is without a doubt better than the UK's, but the UK's public welfare may be better than China's.
This kind of strange situation typifies my impressions of China.
In China's agricultural and industrial areas, some people are still very poor.
If you gamble on the stock market, you are an investor... If you gamble on the derivatives market, you are a trader... If you gamble at the casino, you are a loser... Morality?
Dry wood burns well.
To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive.
Gentleness and cheerfulness, these come before all morality; they are the perfect duties.
What's your favorite beverage?
What's your favorite brand of yogurt?
What's your favorite breakfast food?
What's your favorite color?
What's your favorite French wine?
What's your favorite home-cooked food?
What's your favorite iPad app?
What's your favorite item of clothing?
What's your favorite place to vacation in Japan?
What's your favorite radio station?
What's your favorite season of the year?
What's your favorite soft drink?
What's your favorite tongue twister?
What's your favorite way to cook beans?
What's your favorite way to cook potatoes?
What's your favorite way to cook trout?
What's your favorite web browser?
Yes, I think so too.
You had better not stay up too late.
She sometimes gets depressed.
Someone came.
I know some of Nancy's friends.
He shaved his moustache.
It's a trap!
Who's your favorite character in this book?
Who's your favorite DJ?
Who's your favorite philosopher?
Who's your favorite philosopher?
Let's make a cake.
My wife likes apple pie a lot.
We love our mother almost without knowing it, without feeling it, as it is as natural as to live.
Laws are like cobwebs, which may catch small flies, but let wasps and hornets break through.
Emet is very interested in soccer, but simply does not know how to play.
Smoking one cigarette a day is a good habit.
How much time do you spend on Facebook?
I think you need to spend a little more time on your homework.
I wish that we could spend more time together.
She spends way too much time surfing the web.
Who's to blame for the accident?
And you know why? Because of cats.
This is atrocious weather.
Do you have a soup dish?
There's always someone talking.
There's always someone talking.
Friends today, enemies tomorrow.
Keep listening.
Women like men the way they like their coffee: strong and hot to keep them awake all night long.
I'm closing my store.
I'm closing my store.
Drink and eat.
If you want to learn Chinese well, you can study in China.
I love you. Is there any chance you might love me back?
I work with her boyfriend.
"Is this Arabic?" "No, it's Uyghur - a language that's spoken in northwestern China."
Don't be scared.
He is telling a lie.
I wish copyrights didn't last so long.
If I hadn't remembered, I would have forgotten.
Did you see it?
I am very, very sorry.
I speak nothing but the truth.
Lady Catherine, I have nothing further to say.
How is your family name written?
Happiness is probably wanting what you already have, not having what you want.
In my opinion, happiness has a few fundamental requirements.
However, apart from Buddhists, hardly anyone can consistently follow this principle.
Firstly, happiness is related to money.
Claiming that money is not a requirement for happiness is foolish.
If you have no way to buy food, clothing, accommodation and other such daily necessities, you definitely won't be able to have peace of mind.
Money is important in this way.
This shows that happiness and sadness are only separated by attitude.
Other requirements come from your relationships with other people and your daily activities.
As human beings are social animals, friendship is an essential part of life.
When you encounter difficulties, friends can help you deal with them.
Even if you're really going through hard times, a good friend can improve your spirits.
So friendship is also a requirement for happiness.
He'll play golf even if it rains.
Mark's book is very interesting.
She is going to Bob's.
I love coffee.
This stuff is worth its weight in gold!
Mary and John both can't swim.
Strange.
Luke, I am your son.
Luke, I am your cousin.
Luke, I am your cousin.
I'll take him with me to the hospital.
I'm sore all over.
But it smells strange.
But it smells strange.
I'm playing baseball.
He shaves daily.
He shaves every day.
I'm here on business.
I really agree with you.
The child knows how to swim, so she won't drown in the water.
You can't view Flash content on an iPad. However, you can easily email yourself the URLs of these web pages and view that content on your regular computer when you get home.
She drinks alcohol-free beer almost every day, because her favourite drink is beer, but she doesn't want to drink alcohol every day.
Thank you very much for your participation!
Coffee does not arouse my interest.
If I knew you were sick, I would have gone to the hospital to pay you a visit.
He spent the morning reading a book.
He spent the morning reading a book.
He left to replace his father.
He goes to replace his father.
To be in love is not the same as loving. You can be in love with a woman and still hate her.
Ania is interested in computers.
My wife's name is Lidia Zarębowa.
We have got two daughters and two sons.
My elder son is Lech Zaręba.
Lidia has blonde straight hair.
My name is not "You guys".
Magdalena is very polite to me.
I have been here for a long time.
Radosław, Marek and Maciej like playing games on the PlayStation 2.
Kalina is the girlfriend of Bronisław.
Bronisław is eighteen years old.
Felicja enjoys watching TV.
Felicja likes to watch TV.
Wienczysława is the most beautiful brunette in the workplace.
How great Getter Jaani is!
Martyna is a native of Wrocław.
Felicja is a native of Katowice.
Libusza lives in Poznań.
My child can't say "kikugobo." It always comes out as "kikubogo."
The capital of Poland is Warsaw.
Maria and Natalia go shopping. They buy something for themselves.
The police will put you in prison.
I'm blind in the right eye.
The police will put you behind bars.
She is drunk with happiness.
I'm engaged to her.
My birthday is June 12. Magdalena was born on the same day and year as me.
Timuçin learns Polish.
Fashion is not my specialty.
Thinking to get at once all the gold the goose could give, he killed it and opened it only to find - nothing.
One views things differently according to whether one is rich or poor.
Death is the point at which you can't be alive again. You can't die and then come back to life. If you think that happened, you weren't really dead.
How long have you been doing this?
People look at things differently depending on whether they are rich or poor.
I like to go to school.
Today is a good day.
I know a lot of languages.
He always gets bullied at school.
University life is the time when you enjoy yourself to the fullest!
The puck of ice hockey is not spherical.
There's an upside to everything so it's unnecessary to focus on the good; on the contrary, we should instead be pushing for reversals because it's only through setbacks that we improve and see decisive opportunities clearly.
A kilo of ketchup is equivalent to two kilos of tomatoes.
One kilogram of tomato sauce is equivalent to two kilograms of tomatoes.
I've been looking for a new job for a long time.
I've been looking for a new job for a long time.
I didn't understand what you said.
He's not such a great writer and I think he knows it.
College is the time to enjoy yourself to the fullest!
I always drink milk with my breakfast.
She had died before I arrived.
I have written down his phone number.
How much is this?
Please say that again!
It is too expensive.
I'm flattered.
He is chubby.
We are spending the night at my uncle's house.
That class has 15 boys and 28 girls.
Do not talk to others during class!
One beer, please!
At first, we weren't familiar at all. Over time we got to know each other.
Using only "Tom" and "Mike" in many sentences is very strange.
He had a smile on his face.
The universe is limitless.
I bought a new ball point pen with an electronic watch especially for this test.
For this test, I bought a voltage tester.
I've bought a new palette and a few paint brushes.
I study Chinese every day.
I'm better than him.
Come out from under the table!
I am asking you if I could have some of that sweet sauce.
I have already talked with this student.
He knows how to play baseball.
Tony speaks English as well as you do.
You're my friend.
Can you play the key of C minor?
I keep the master copy under lock and key.
My wooden bed is actually quite heavy.
Forgetting his key, he was able to open the door by inserting a wire in the key hole.
I have the key to the safe.
He hurried out the door, and accidentally forgot the key at home.
For the new year, Liu's company gives every employee a bag of flour.
The solar system is a small celestial system in the Milky Way.
The heroin isn't a good thing, stay away from it!
I'm afraid to go first, it's too dark.
Tom's explanation was too complicated.
Is the cat on or under the chair?
He gave her a peck on the cheek.
The initiative measurably improved quality of life for the villagers.
Memorising the cards in a deck in order is certainly a difficult task, but manageable.
He could be found at 6 o'clock every morning in the barn, milking the cows.
Disregarding the "No Entry" sign, she pushed open the door and walked inside.
He has impeccable manners, which means you can never be sure what he actually thinks!
I hate mosquitoes.
I will definitely attend your funeral.
Someone is waiting for you downstairs.
Hungary and Slovakia are neighbors.
The letter was finished.
What were you drinking?
He penned it down so as to not forget it.
If you're bored, I suggest you to go to the cinema.
We are giving them a bit.
I introduced her to you last week.
If I had the money, I would immediately acquire this computer.
If I had the money, I would immediately buy this computer.
If I had the money, I would immediately buy this computer.
Had I the money, I would immediately acquire this computer.
I don't know if there's time.
The movie's about to start.
We were wondering who it was, and it turns out that it was you!
There's only two days left.
There are only two days left.
This person is your slave, right?
The customers have started to come.
Please wake me up at 6 tomorrow morning.
Get with it.
I trust what Matthew, Mark, Luke and John said, and if I were ever the victim in a car accident I'd be very happy if they were my witnesses.
When will I get to Tokyo?
When will I get to Tokyo?
We could apply the theory of punctuated equilibrium to languages.
I cannot bear her endless love.
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then it's no big deal.
He is shit out of luck.
He is shit out of luck.
England is synonymous with football, fish & chips, and the Queen.
Do you want to eat prawns?
The witch hunt has begun.
My father doesn't drink too much sake.
I would really like to know why he did such a thing.
Let's decide with a coin toss.
That bicycle is mine.
Do it now, so you don't forget it.
I was often there.
If it's okay for him to buy a knife, then why on earth can't I?
If it's okay for him to buy a knife, then why on earth can't I?
Let us tell you everything we know.
Horse, lion, dog, goat: these are animals.
Hooray!
I remember this word.
White to play and win.
Wait and see.
No security system is foolproof.
Chechens have inclinations towards independence.
First I'll go to the bank, and then I'll buy the tickets.
He had an accident.
What browser are you using?
My father was happy with the result.
This is my email address.
Maja Keuc is a good singer.
I hate terrorist organizations.
You should bring your passport to the bank.
Her line of reasoning is attractive, but ultimately fallacious.
This is my own bike.
A doctor told me that eating eggs was bad for me.
Are you excited?
Are you seriously thinking about not going?
Can I eat my lunch here?
Can you remember the first time we met each other?
Could you please tell me again who your father is?
Could you please tell me again why you are late?
Do you like cooking?
Do you think I'm beautiful?
Do you think I'm crazy?
Do you think I'm made of money?
Do you think I'm qualified for that job?
Do you think I'm stupid?
Don't cry.
Don't cry.
Don't cry.
Even though my friend was a vegetarian, I didn't tell him that the soup had some meat in it.
Have you been told when you are expected to be here?
Have you eaten dinner?
Have you eaten?
Have you eaten?
Have you eaten?
Have you ever donated blood?
Have you ever dyed your hair?
He lied to my face.
How do you get your children to eat vegetables?
How long have you two been together?
How was your summer?
I ate too much.
I can't believe that you love me.
I can't believe that you were the smartest kid in your class.
I don't eat chicken skin.
I don't want to talk to you.
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone knows me.
I know you're probably mad about what I said yesterday.
I like the way you talk.
I miss you. I need to see you. Could I come over?
I never felt this way before I met you.
I never thought we'd end up like this.
I promise you I won't ever leave you.
I shouldn't have to do all this work by myself.
I studied English for four years with a native speaker.
I think I'm going crazy.
I want to have fun.
I wish I could figure out how to delete my Facebook account.
I wish I could figure out how to disable comments on my blog.
I'll get there as soon as I can.
I'll see you next Wednesday.
I'm so excited.
I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to find out who hacked into our system.
I've always wanted to climb Mt. Fuji.
I've always wanted to learn how to swim.
I've been requested to help you.
If you ever come back to me, I'll never treat you badly again.
Instead of eating real food, we just ate junk food all day.
It seems that the only time he isn't eating is when he's sleeping.
It's because of you that we were late.
It's OK to eat the rest of the cake if you want.
It's unlikely that he did anything wrong.
Let me tell you the reasons that I don't agree with you.
Please give me a break.
Please have a look at this book.
Please turn off your engine.
Please turn off your engine.
Some people eat sushi with their hands.
Someone is lying.
Something you should know about me is that I'm afraid of heights.
The coral reef is the region's prime attraction.
The doctor will be here in a minute.
The police still have no leads.
There was a crack in my tennis racket, so I sent it out to be repaired.
We're just about finished here.
What can I do to help you?
What does USB stand for?
What's wrong with what we were doing?
When did you get here?
When I was growing up, I never imagined that I would become famous.
When we started out, our band could only find small clubs in small cities that would hire us.
Why do people not always tell the truth?
Would you ever consider dating your best friend's ex-boyfriend?
Would you like to know how to prevent getting wrinkles?
You shouldn't share too much private information on the social networks.
You're the only person I can trust.
I am not the least bit happy with this e-book revolution.
Trust me.
How many hats do you own?
Is that love?
In Hawaii, we can enjoy swimming in the ocean all year round.
I think that things like this happen by chance.
They're carrying out a book burning.
The man is naked.
He wants to kiss her.
I'm 25 years old.
In my opinion, Esperanto is very difficult.
I bought two packets of pistachios.
She made a vanilla chocolate cake for four people.
3 Malay nationals and a Filipino were killed in the Davao bombing on Mindanao.
3 Malay nationals and a Filipino were killed in the Davao bombing on Mindanao.
My mother from Malaysia thinks that those three horses are so-so.
"All Quiet on the Western Front"
Water will freeze at zero Celsius, right?
We've got plenty of time.
I've got a few friends.
She resides in New York.
He betrayed his friends for money.
I don't speak Spanish.
About how many hours does it take by car?
Yumi keeps getting better at Korean.
Translating this sentence will be very easy.
What kind of movie do you want to watch?
What do you want to eat this weekend?
Does John want to see a Korean movie?
I like to eat Korean food.
I want to eat something Korean.
I don't drink coffee.
I don't like to drink coffee.
Please do not write in this library book.
Please do not write in this library book.
I've got a pair of sunglasses.
Please wake me up at six tomorrow.
The file is corrupt.
The best way to predict the future is to create it yourself.
I think that it's you.
You drive me nuts!
What did they hit you with?
Turn big problems into small ones, and make small problems into nothing.
There are no waves without wind.
There's no smoke without fire.
No smoke without fire.
No matter how low the target, always aim higher.
Every journey begins with a single step.
Make the best of your opportunities.
When you have nothing, aim low; when you get somewhere, aim high.
I agree with his suggestion.
After you take the medicine, your stomachache will be much relieved.
What is the population of New York?
He's had many unhappy experiences.
Love is blind, but jealousy can see even nonexistent things.
You can't see the forest behind the trees.
The text of the national anthem of Canada was first written in French.
Yesterday, I bought a book.
He is like a frog in a well.
Are you happy now?
The rain is letting up.
This drink's flavor is obviously that of tea.
This drink clearly has the same flavor as tea.
Cutting a cake into equal pieces is rather difficult.
Tomorrow, I will ask him.
During this period, there was a way to get into the French clubhouse without standing in line: you had to eat the products inside, but it was really expensive.
Please don't be so surprised that I'm speaking this language and listen to the content of what I'm actually saying.
Don't let others do what you yourself don't like.
Did you bring a hair dryer?
Did you bring a hair dryer?
Who has come?
The blue roses are very beautiful.
Old women like dating young men.
Do you like strawberries?
Are you alright?
Rules are meant to be broken.
Notice how the hero in an action flick never seems to run out of ammo?
This is a horse.
This dog is mine.
My phone is out of battery.
I really like travelling.
This is the car Linda mentioned yesterday.
Canada's crime rate is decreasing.
At the time, we were very tired.
We were very tired at the time.
She keeps her hair long.
May I ask how old you are?
You're such an idiot!
You can use my dictionary.
Today is my birthday.
Champagne, please.
I wonder what will happen.
Where can you buy a ticket to get in?
It amazed us that she had been to Brazil alone.
I don't understand what you guys are saying.
Food, clothing and shelter are the foundations of survival.
Are you able to prove it?
I want to buy a new car.
Bob has the habit of going to bed at 10:00.
I've started Android programming.
I'm developing an Android application.
Do you know how to use these command line tools?
I'm wondering what to cook for dinner.
He died recently.
I must take my oboe for repair.
I really want to speak English fluently.
I like to eat chocolate flavored ice cream.
After work I go straight home.
My father is in the habit of reading the newspaper before breakfast.
There is no such thing as God or Buddha.
The leaves on the trees rustle gentle in the wind.
The leaves rustle in the wind.
I'm very grateful for everything you've done for me.
Other people aren't interested.
Yes, this is my house.
The hunter shot and killed the fox.
If you want to, you can use my car.
Is it too salty?
He came back two days late.
The Earth moves around the sun.
That was three days ago.
He always opens the window when he goes to sleep.
He often goes with her to watch movies.
I will arrive on 23 May.
There is no greater insult to life than premature ejaculation.
I already read all the Harry Potter books.
I'm still sleepy.
You need to stop posting private photos on Facebook.
Did you accomplish your goals?
When only death remains, the last resort is to beg for food.
Smiling is a cheap way to be prettier.
A cat just came out of the basket.
I'll write or phone you next week.
She wanted him to tell her that he loved her.
I hope your wishes will come true.
I'd like to meet your older sister.
I'd like to meet your older sister.
The cat is eating.
Ubuntu includes lots of software.
Linux experts are able to use the command line.
The man is starving.
I am more handsome than you.
I'm smarter than you.
The hand has five fingers: the thumb, the index finger, the middle finger, the ring finger, and the pinky.
I can see through your lies.
Sorry, I didn't mean to snap at you.
My laptop is running Linux.
I'm running Linux on my laptop.
My laptop is running Linux.
I'm running Linux on my laptop.
Ubuntu is a popular Linux distribution.
GCC is a compiler while Python is an interpreter.
The syntax of Python scripts is very simple.
Sixty-four-bit software will not run on 32-bit architecture.
What are you doing today?
Education is the path to happiness, peace, righteousness, and success.
Everybody lies.
Please eat some cake.
Sumo is a traditional Japanese sport.
When her husband died, she felt like killing herself.
We were on the same train by chance.
He's strange sometimes.
Meet you there on Sunday morning. Can't wait for it.
There are four seasons in one year.
One learns grammar from language, not language from grammar.
When she began to stutter, her classmates couldn't help laughing.
I'd rather do it by myself.
All you have to do is sit here.
All you need to do is just sit here.
We ran out of gas.
We ran out of gas.
A fall into a pit, a gain in your wit.
This is only known by Obama.
I often hiccup.
My underpants are wet.
Do you have a Facebook account?
I'm Finnish.
Is it really everywhere?
Whether you believe it or not, I believe it.
Before you can board the plane, you'll have to go through airport security checks.
You look tired. You should rest a little.
You can only drink water from the water dispenser.
Today we went to the shopping mall. I was very bored.
I ordered frogs and noodles.
I speak English every day.
To be black is better than to be gay. If you were born black, at least you don't have to think about how to tell your mother about this.
The sum of 5 and 3 is 8.
Come on over to have a try.
We are confident of victory.
I am not good at mathematics.
We had some chicken soup.
The child's body felt feverish.
Don't all speak at the same time.
I do very much. Thank you.
What you say makes no sense.
She likes all kinds of sports.
She never wears green.
Give my love to your kids.
That meal was simply divine.
The horse trotted down the road.
The old man set off at a quick trot.
I'll see you in the new year.
There is only one can of meat left.
We travelled all over the country.
My knowledge of Japanese is rather poor.
I want to reserve a room.
She patted her hair into place.
She patted her hair into shape.
He is a mathematical genius.
I don't want to eat anything right now.
I cannot speak Mandarin well.
Yes, I can speak Mandarin.
No, I can't speak English.
No, I don't speak English.
Do you like China?
I like the green colour.
Let me die.
I come with myself.
The scars of your love remind me of us.
He has patched up the hole in the wall.
We ride the train.
I'm not afraid of anything.
Good job!
Good job!
Gay marriage is permitted in less than 20% of countries.
I'm gay.
I'm interested in oriental pottery.
You hate Tom, don't you?
Would you let me know when Tom comes?
When did you last see Tom?
When did you get to know Tom?
We were disappointed to hear that Tom couldn't get a visa.
Tom's parents were both teachers.
Tom's not breathing.
Tom's dog bit him playfully.
Tom worked all day and was completely worn out.
Tom went to Boston three years ago.
Tom was unable to remember what he had eaten for breakfast.
Tom was admiring my new car at the time the truck crashed into it.
Tom was able to make himself understood in French when he visited Paris.
Tom usually only eats oatmeal for breakfast.
Tom took a step backward.
Tom studied hard so he could get into college.
Tom seems to hardly ever get his homework done on time.
Tom says that he's a creature of habit.
Tom realized that he had lost his wallet.
Tom poured cold water over himself to wake himself up.
Tom planted three apple trees in his yard.
Tom needs to update his website.
Tom needs to study more if he hopes to pass this class.
Tom needs to get into shape.
Tom must be from Boston.
Tom made up his mind to become a newspaperman.
Tom made his servants eat in the dark.
Tom made a list of places he wants to visit.
Tom likes being alone.
Tom left his umbrella on the bus.
Tom isn't tall.
Tom isn't here.
Tom isn't here.
Tom isn't here yet, but we expect him soon.
Tom isn't afraid of anything.
Tom isn't accustomed to walking barefooted.
Tom isn't accustomed to walking barefooted.
Tom isn't a fool.
Tom isn't a fool.
Tom is very sleepy, because he didn't sleep well last night.
Tom is used to getting up early.
Tom is used to cooking on a campfire.
Tom is the last person I want to see right now.
Tom is still uncertain about whether to go to college or not.
Tom is still just a boy.
Tom is still in Boston.
Tom is quite good at cooking.
Tom is out of his mind.
Tom is out of his mind.
Tom is nervous.
Tom is just the man I've been looking for.
Tom is happy.
Tom is eager to live in Boston.
Tom is certain to come on time.
Tom is afraid to go out alone at night.
Tom is afraid of heights.
Tom is able to come to our party tomorrow.
Tom is a true man.
Tom is a Muslim.
Tom has visited Boston three times.
Tom has to go to work.
Tom has three older sisters.
Tom has three cats.
Tom has only a week to decide.
Tom has no one to turn to for help.
Tom has many friends living in Boston.
Tom has made up his mind to go to Boston to study.
Tom has low blood pressure.
Tom has lost weight recently.
Tom has lost interest in studying French.
Tom has lost his keys.
Tom has lost his keys.
Tom has just returned from the post office.
Tom has his own bedroom.
Tom has high blood pressure.
Tom has gotten older and he doesn't go out as often as he used to.
Tom has blue eyes.
Tom has already drunk three cups of coffee.
Tom has a good memory.
Tom has a bad reputation.
Tom had to go himself.
Tom grew up in Boston.
Tom got to Boston yesterday.
Tom got out of the taxi.
Tom goes to work by motorcycle.
Tom forgot to do his homework.
Tom felt hungry.
Tom fell into the pool.
Tom fell asleep in class.
Tom enjoyed himself at the party.
Tom eats the same food day in and day out.
Tom eats like a pig.
Tom doesn't want to talk about it.
Tom doesn't want to live in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to go alone.
Tom doesn't understand this.
Tom doesn't think so.
Tom doesn't seem to be a Canadian.
Tom doesn't pay much attention to how he dresses.
Tom doesn't need to wear glasses anymore.
Tom doesn't need any money now.
Tom doesn't live near his office.
Tom doesn't like to wear a watch.
Tom doesn't like me.
Tom doesn't like doing homework.
Tom doesn't like Chinese food.
Tom doesn't like cats.
Tom doesn't like being treated like a child.
Tom doesn't know what to say.
Tom doesn't have a ticket for tonight's concert.
Tom doesn't have a microwave oven.
Tom doesn't have a driver's license.
Tom doesn't enjoy tennis and never has.
Tom died in a traffic accident.
Tom didn't understand what the teacher said.
Tom didn't say where he was planning to go.
Tom didn't need to finish that work by today.
Tom didn't have time to finish his report.
Tom didn't feel like eating lunch.
Tom didn't agree to do it.
Tom did an excellent job.
Tom did a cartwheel.
Tom deserves to be blamed.
Tom dealt the cards.
Tom cut down a tree in his yard.
Tom couldn't think of a good place to hide it.
Tom couldn't decide where to begin.
Tom climbed down from the tree.
Tom canceled his hotel reservation.
Tom can't swim.
Tom can't play the piccolo.
Tom can't move this bookcase without a little help.
Tom can't go out because he has a lot of homework.
Tom can't get his car started.
Tom can't even write his own name.
Tom can't drive a car yet.
Tom can't drive a bus.
Tom can't decide whether to buy a Toyota or a Ford.
Tom can't cook very well, so he often eats out.
Tom can write almost like a native speaker, but his pronunciation is terrible.
Tom came to Japan for the first time when he was three.
Tom burst into tears.
Tom bought a camera at a store not too far from here.
Tom blushed.
Tom began talking.
Tom apologized for what he did.
Tom always speaks in such a low voice that I can barely understand what he says.
Tom always feels hungry at least one hour before lunch.
Tom abstained from voting.
The letter was written by Tom.
It's all Tom's fault.
I wanted to ask Tom how long he had lived in India.
I doubt that Tom will ever learn how to speak French properly.
I doubt if Tom is single.
Could you drive Tom home?
Tom was advised by Mary not to go there by himself.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary face to face.
Tom used to live near Mary.
Tom tried to kill Mary.
Tom tricked Mary into doing his work for him.
Tom told Mary that she was right.
Tom told Mary that it would probably snow all day.
Tom told Mary that he loved her.
Tom told Mary his age.
Tom talked with Mary all night.
Tom sold Mary his car.
Tom should do as Mary suggests.
Tom sat beside Mary.
Tom said that he felt sorry for Mary.
Tom needs Mary's help.
Tom looked at Mary suspiciously.
Tom kissed Mary on the cheek.
Tom kicked Mary.
Tom is three years older than Mary is.
Tom is Mary's former husband.
Tom is Mary's ex-boyfriend.
Tom is Mary's best friend.
Tom is looking for someone to take Mary's place.
Tom is going out this afternoon with Mary.
Tom hugged Mary.
Tom helps Mary because he wants to, not because he has to.
Tom heard Mary play the piano.
Tom has no intention of asking Mary to the upcoming dance.
Tom has loved Mary for a long time.
Tom has a thing for Mary.
Tom happened to meet Mary at the supermarket.
Tom gave Mary all the money he had.
Tom found out where Mary lives.
Tom encouraged Mary to learn how to speak French.
Tom doubts whether Mary is honest.
Tom doesn't mind helping Mary occasionally.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary likes him or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is happy or not.
Tom doesn't know where Mary lives.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will leave Boston.
Tom doesn't even try to help Mary.
Tom doesn't agree with Mary at all.
Tom didn't want to work with Mary.
Tom didn't want to disappoint Mary.
Tom didn't like Mary.
Tom didn't accept Mary's apology.
Tom did the best he could, but he wasn't able to get a higher grade than Mary.
Tom denied that he had ever met Mary.
Tom couldn't tell Mary everything he knew.
Tom could hardly hear what Mary was saying.
Tom can't tell Mary his real feelings.
Tom can swim, but Mary can't.
Tom asked Mary to marry him.
Tom asked Mary to marry him, but she turned down his proposal.
Tom asked Mary to help him reinstall Windows.
Tom asked for Mary's permission to leave early.
Tom and Mary live under the same roof.
Tom and Mary are in the same class.
Tom admitted that he had killed Mary.
There was no one in the room besides Tom and Mary.
Mary used to play with dolls.
Mary said that she loved me, but I didn't believe her.
Mary is very pretty.
Mary is Tom's secretary.
Mary announced her engagement to Tom.
I doubt that Tom knew that Mary was already married.
Tom asked Mary about John.
What's important isn't how many books you read, but what books you read.
If you want to be free, destroy your television set.
I like the Occitan language.
I don't know if there's time.
What's his most recent novel?
Adding comments makes the code easier to read.
Can you do me a solid?
Do you want to go on a picnic with me?
Her father died when she was three.
A passport is usually necessary when you travel overseas.
I'm sorry for the late response.
We have to go to sleep now.
I realize I messed up.
How fascinating!
Tom wasn't smiling when he entered the room.
Tom seems to have packed everything but the kitchen sink.
Tom pretended to not hear a thing.
Does Tom have a girlfriend?
Give me an apple.
I'll do what I can to help you.
You're very beautiful.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
I spent 10 dollars on it.
I didn't go to school last Monday.
Perhaps you are right.
Who will you vote for for president?
Who did you talk to?
Who did you talk with?
Who did you speak with?
Close the damned door!
Can you pass me that thingamajig?
Big Brother is watching you.
It's been raining non-stop for three days.
He cut the apple in half.
A person like that would have no trouble getting elected president.
We have a white cat.
Variable names in C are case sensitive.
Staying at home is boring.
It's boring to stay at home.
That house with the red roof is Tom's house.
He has queer ideas.
He has strange ideas.
Only one store carries this book.
I saw him coming out of the hotel.
When do I get started?
Tom sat silently for 30 minutes.
Could you say that again?
He doesn't have much money.
I'll try my best today, too.
He received a golden watch as a prize.
I get the feeling you're trying to tell me something.
There's no doubt that he likes taking walks.
Where is the school?
I'm going to the cinema.
My brother is a teacher.
My brother is a teacher.
My brother is a teacher.
I was getting ready to go out. At that time, the telephone rang.
He entered the hall of fame.
Thank you for all your contributions. We expect to see you again soon.
They kicked him out of the disco without any explanation.
In my opinion, you're wrong.
In my opinion, you're wrong.
She is about as tall as me.
This dish is tasty.
This dish is tasty.
She went to the hospital by taxi.
I am used to going to bed very late.
You have to adapt to circumstances.
Revolutions that don't succeed are soon forgotten.
You should exercise more.
I'm used to staying up late.
Thank you for everything you've done for Canada.
Music is his passion.
Music is her passion.
Music is your passion.
You seem busy.
Am I in your way?
If you understand this one, then the others are nearly the same.
Where are the apples?
Be realistic!
Don't ask her any questions about her marriage.
It wasn't my fault.
Do you know this song?
Do you know this song?
Let's play hide-and-seek!
He's a newcomer.
You have very piercing eyes.
He recorded a documentary and gave it to me.
I exercise for 1 hour every day.
Just now I was chatting with my parents.
I have more than five friends who can speak French.
I have less than five friends who can speak French.
She is certainly a career woman.
I'm just trying to live a happy life, that's all.
Unfortunately, you will return to China soon, so I will have nobody to accompany me.
Someone is knocking on the door.
"Someone farted." "It wasn't me!"
Today is the last day of our vacation.
In French, you can rarely omit the subject.
You are really crafty.
You're a clever one.
I haven't washed my hair.
I haven't washed my hair.
How would you feel if your wife left you?
Do you know Tom well?
How well do you know Tom?
Are you awake?
Are you awake?
She saved some money for a rainy day.
She was beautiful when she was young.
I'm not interested.
Cyber activists want to meet with the Supreme Leader.
UK is the abbreviation for the United Kingdom.
I am in Lyon, but maybe I'll go to Paris for hunting a job.
Failure is the mother of success.
I have a lot of work to do tomorrow.
Because I have a lot of money, I can travel a lot.
Lend me your ears.
Money isn't the only thing that matters.
Does the mid-autumn festival fall on Monday this year?
Is the mid-autumn festival on Monday this year?
I am a good boy.
I am a good boy.
He was unsure how he would get there, and when.
They always wake up early, even on Sundays.
He surpasses his rivals in all ways.
He is superior to his opponents in all respects.
Eat your soup before it gets cold.
Don't leave the TV on.
Have you already eaten supper?
She rejected me.
I'll take a cup of tea.
I think we need a doggy bag.
We ordered too much food.
Can we catch the train?
Our train is delayed.
Dinosaurs became extinct a very long time ago.
A frog in a well doesn't know the ocean.
Call Ishmael.
His speech moved us.
May I put it here?
We should always obey laws.
Would you lend me a pencil?
Could I borrow a pencil?
I had no trouble finding his office.
Sea turtles have a long lifespan.
Drunk driving is a serious problem.
I wouldn't be too surprised if this song became a hit.
I don't mind if it's a little cold.
I don't care if it's a bit cold.
If you want to be credible, tell people only what they believe.
I borrowed Tom's phone this morning.
This is Edward.
We do not understand each other.
I don't mind if it's hot.
I don't mind if it's hot and spicy.
I don't mind if the weather is hot.
I couldn't find it anywhere.
One more time!
Her girlfriend is completely flat-chested.
Her girlfriend is part of the itty bitty titty committee.
If it looks like an apple and it tastes like an apple, it's probably an apple.
Coffee or tea?
Finding a decent man is more difficult than winning a lottery.
If you can sing, that is great.
I can't drink milk.
I can't drink milk.
Tom gave up all hope.
Is there central heating in this building?
You rarely ever wake up this early.
You are Spanish, right?
You disappoint me.
You just put a toy down on the table.
I'm too tired to do anything right now.
Are you sure you don't want me to go with you?
What if someone kidnapped Tom? What would you do?
What did Tom expect Mary to do?
Tom's mother is a nurse at the hospital that's across the street from where Mary lives.
Tom worries a lot about money.
Tom was mugged.
Tom was in a hurry so he left his breakfast only half eaten.
Tom was caught driving without a license.
Tom wanted to take a shower.
Tom wanted to stay home and relax instead of hiking with his children.
Tom wanted to get to know Mary better.
Tom wanted revenge.
Tom wanted Mary to leave right away.
Tom understands what it takes to survive.
Tom tried to return the swimsuit for a larger size, but the clerk told him that wasn't allowed.
Tom treated Mary like a slave.
Tom thought he heard some gunshots.
Tom slit his own throat.
Tom shut his eyes.
Tom should have plenty of time.
Tom should have handled the situation differently.
Tom seems to really enjoy being in Boston.
Tom seems to be an honest man.
Tom says that Mary definitely won't accept the job.
Tom said that he didn't want to see or speak to anyone.
Tom ran out of matches so he couldn't light the fire.
Tom passed away last night.
Tom knows how to cook spaghetti.
Tom knows how to cook spaghetti.
Tom knows a lot of stuff about Mary.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't let him down.
Tom is in the kitchen making tea.
Tom is hesitant to visit Mary in the hospital.
Tom hung his jacket in the hall closet.
Tom hasn't talked to Mary in years.
Tom hasn't played the guitar for years.
Tom hasn't missed any of Mary's concerts.
Tom has traveled around the world.
Tom has no plans to go anywhere.
Tom has next to nothing in his wallet.
Tom has known Mary since childhood.
Tom has been to this park with Mary at least a dozen times.
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any money.
Tom had a lot of problems at the school.
Tom had a hunch that Mary was seeing someone else.
Tom had a heart attack last year.
Tom got rid of his old books.
Tom got a late start this morning.
Tom gave Mary the cold shoulder.
Tom forgot to bring his camera.
Tom folded the paper before handing it to Mary.
Tom fixed the roof of his house just yesterday.
Tom filled out the job application form.
Tom felt very lonely.
Tom fell off his bicycle.
Tom fell asleep with his clothes on.
Tom explained it to Mary very carefully.
Tom drank too much.
Tom doubled his investment in a year.
Tom doesn't want to lose Mary.
Tom doesn't want to let Mary go.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go.
Tom doesn't think this is a coincidence.
Tom doesn't think that will do any good.
Tom doesn't talk much.
Tom doesn't quite get it. Could you explain it to him again?
Tom doesn't need money to have a good time.
Tom doesn't like this color.
Tom doesn't like any kind of spicy food.
Tom doesn't know who he can trust anymore.
Tom doesn't know what he should do.
Tom doesn't know how to have fun.
Tom doesn't know how to dance.
Tom doesn't know any French.
Tom doesn't have a fever.
Tom doesn't believe a word of what Mary just said.
Tom does everything he can to save money.
Tom disappeared.
Tom died of a drug overdose.
Tom didn't understand what Mary really meant.
Tom didn't specify what he wanted.
Tom didn't sleep very well last night.
Tom didn't show up for work today.
Tom didn't look happy at all.
Tom didn't know that Mary liked to cook.
Tom didn't know how to translate the word "computer" because the people he was talking to had never seen one.
Tom didn't know exactly what it was that Mary wanted him to do.
Tom didn't have lunch.
Tom did a good job predicting who would win the election.
Tom demanded an explanation.
Tom definitely looks younger than Mary.
Tom criticized Mary in front of everyone.
Tom couldn't understand why no one else wanted to go to the zoo.
Tom couldn't control himself.
Tom could see Mary was about ready to cry.
Tom could only understand a little French then.
Tom confessed that he had stolen the money.
Tom complained that Mary never helped him.
Tom checked the TV schedule to see what was on.
Tom changed clothes.
Tom certainly is good at baseball.
Tom certainly is an interesting person.
Tom certainly is an eloquent speaker.
Tom certainly is a good teacher.
Tom certainly has a tough job.
Tom certainly has a better understanding of this matter than I do.
Tom certainly didn't expect to win.
Tom can't get over Mary.
Tom can give you an answer tomorrow.
Tom came to the conclusion that no matter what he did, Mary wouldn't like it.
Tom came to see if Mary needed any help.
Tom bought a lottery ticket.
Tom began to learn French about three years ago.
Tom became a hero.
Tom asked Mary where she'd put the key.
Tom asked Mary for her advice.
Tom and Mary have a lot in common.
Tom and Mary even always wear the same color clothes.
Mary wanted to marry a man with ambition.
It hasn't been easy for Tom to deal with Mary's health problems.
During the exam, Tom cheated off Mary.
Don't blame Tom for what Mary did.
This town hasn't changed much in the last ten years.
On the plate was a piece of chicken, a potato and some green peas.
I can't really describe it.
I can't hear what you're saying.
Do you have enough money?
The basic job of an advertising agency is to figure out how to turn a desire into a need.
Since he was able to walk so far, he must have strong legs.
You are my mother.
The market is big.
Are you Chinese?
I am not Canadian.
I like China.
Do you like tea?
Does he like China?
He likes tea.
Do you like this book?
I don't like tea.
I really like my coworkers.
He likes this book.
Do you like school?
Do you like school?
Do you like school?
Bananas are delicious.
Read this.
How did you draw this picture?
Where is Mary?
I'm helping people to buy things online.
Congratulations on your face.
His advice didn't help much.
She is terrible at cooking.
The banks aren't open on Saturdays.
I am writing my internship report.
This expression is very Chinese.
No matter how hard I try...
Root beer is considered a classic American carbonated soft drink.
You'd better wait until the police come.
My phone is beautiful.
Your Chinese is so good, you can quote proverbs.
I'm starting to dislike her.
What should I do if my husband is impotent?
What should I do if my wife snores?
My wife has no libido since she got pregnant. What can I do?
Tom does not like this color.
This boy is lazy.
It's the police, perhaps we should get out of their way.
Tom sketched a picture of an elephant for Mary.
Today I want to eat something light.
Do I have to go to the party?
I'm sorry I didn't keep my promise.
How much money do you owe Tom?
How much money do I owe you?
Volcanic ash disrupted air travel.
I do not love him anymore.
I think he's a great writer.
Tom spoke about the problem with Mary.
Sorry!
Sorry!
Every dumbass with a camera thinks he is a photographer.
Very happy to meet you.
Sorry, I don't understand.
I love bread.
There are nine million bicycles in Beijing.
One is not born a woman, one becomes one.
Fight like a man!
You blockhead!
Open fire!
I'm not as stupid as you think I am.
There are too many people in the park.
I am not curious.
He's my father.
Dumbass!
Someone saved my life.
I have two conditions.
Matías is from Uruguay. He is Uruguayan.
This sounds fishy.
You shall not pass.
I'm afraid of heights.
Happy birthday, Shishir!
Hop in.
She's completely crazy about him.
I shouldn't be laughing.
He saved my life.
What is wrong with you?
Are you sure about this?
I have no future.
It's on the house.
I am accustomed to the climate.
The children gather into groups to play.
Before I met you, I never felt this way.
He's my new friend.
We're having fun.
She finds it a little distasteful.
The best cakes that I have ever eaten are those that my mother baked.
Can you get up?
Smokers are a bunch of idiots.
It is possible that you have already read this book.
What's your sign?
Don't cry. I love you.
Do you have children already?
I am not too tired.
They are not tired.
I'm going to the restaurant.
I'm incredibly busy.
Is that so?
I'm fat.
Somebody is eating.
I have a tool.
Children want fruit juice.
You remember it better than I do.
I gave the house to you.
You're going to be a mommy.
I know how to do it.
They must really hate me.
It wasn't our fault... We all had to do it.
You're our only hope.
I will fight to the death.
I'm scared of wild animals.
Is he Japanese?
Is she Japanese?
To hide the fact that she's a princess, she disguised herself as a boy and escaped the palace.
I don't want to get married.
My head is exploding.
Was it all an illusion?
I can't shut it down.
Be nice to others.
Is that your own idea?
You should come visit us!
There are two major political parties in the United States: the conservative Republican Party, and the liberal Democratic Party.
I want to say goodbye.
Are you all home?
Are you home?
Are you home?
Are you home?
That car is really expensive.
That is mine. I don't know where yours is.
I don't have the slightest intention of retiring.
You are our only hope.
We had a good conversation.
Take it, or leave it.
Things change from time to time, and one should change with them.
I am Finnish, but I speak also Swedish.
So I stopped reading.
I'll give you a little tip.
We waited a long time, but she didn't show up.
Your hair is pretty.
What goes up must come down.
Please notify me by e-mail about any bugs found or missing functions that you want to be included in future versions of the BMI calculator.
He pretends to be deaf.
What's the next station?
The girl is drinking tea.
He also speaks French.
The application allows you to quickly calculate the ratio of body mass index - BMI.
The result is calculated according to general reading table created by World Health Organization (WHO) - the same for male and female regardless the age.
BMI categories (underweight, overweight or obese) from general reading table are inappropriate for athletes, children, the elderly, and the infirm.
To change the units from metric to imperial and vice versa, the 'menu' button must be clicked.
Any comments are welcome.
I will not eat ice cream.
He is the law.
This medicine is very effective.
Tofu goes well with good sake.
Junko is a beautiful girl.
I made a big decision today.
Do young French people talk about politics too?
Tell a beautiful story to my two young friends.
Precision is important in math.
I am going to kill you!
I'll provide you with all the necessary information.
His memory never ceases to astonish me.
Samuel helps anyone that asks him.
Someone told me that this boy cannot hear.
Are you a philatelist?
I don't have any time right now.
What kind of book do you want?
You are the most important person in my life.
Would you be willing to show me how to do that?
Where did you go?
What kind of woman do you think I am?
Let's go ahead and eat.
Let's get divorced.
It would be nice to have a party.
I won't be getting married this year.
I think you should eat a ham sandwich.
I need your cooperation.
I need to go to work.
I can't swim.
I don't want to work today.
What do you think Tom's waist size is?
Tom watches too much television.
Tom was shocked.
Tom was shocked.
Tom wants a glass of water.
Tom used to drink like a fish.
Tom told them not to do that.
Tom thinks there's hope.
Tom skipped lunch.
How old do you think Tom is?
I asked her if he liked Chinese food.
I live in my uncle's house.
He can speak Japanese very well, but I cannot understand German.
Tom is a decent sort of guy.
Who is that old man?
The children have already gone to school.
Most young people have mobile phones.
I'm able to speak.
Go!
Your place or mine?
I need to search for my pen.
He has a test next week.
She's cleverer than him.
That film's really interesting.
Okay, I'm coming!
Today is Thursday.
He thinks I love her.
She is stubborn.
Is mom scolding the horse's hemp?
My uncles come to see me from time to time.
He came yesterday to see you.
I don't see why not.
I am sorry. I am not from here.
I took the elevator to the third floor.
Did you complete the work?
I'm starting to get old!
She is my first love.
I don't want either of them.
There are many slums in Mexico.
Is tomorrow Saturday?
So beautiful!
Read!
Thanks for your quick answer.
No?
I was able to succeed because of your advice.
Has he met them today?
It's easy to distinguish good from evil.
He is reading.
He reads a book.
He's reading.
Tomorrow we are going to see the meteor shower!
This sentence has errors.
Perhaps Tom is too old to do this kind of thing.
Some people felt that Tom's behavior was inappropriate.
Please don't say that.
Please don't say that.
You are a student.
You are a student.
You are a student.
She is Japanese.
Sometimes it's better to lie.
Juvenile crimes have been increasing recently.
Tom usually stays at five-star hotels.
Tom showed up just in time.
Tom should've known better.
Tom should be here soon.
Tom saw the exhibits.
Tom saved Mary's life.
Tom said he wanted to eat Chinese food.
Tom put some salt on his eggs.
Tom overslept.
Tom opened a window.
Tom often goes shopping alone.
Tom needs the money right away.
Tom needs to speak to Mary.
Tom needs a change of scenery.
Tom mopped the floor.
Tom looked Mary in the eye.
Tom likes to have fun.
Tom just doesn't understand.
Tom just does what he's told to do.
He was an intelligent and practical man.
Why did you come here today?
The amount of time spent asleep can vary from person to person.
I want to find a blonde, blue-eyed European woman.
Is there always a Chinese person next to you helping you type?!
Kate did her homework in the kitchen.
The fundamental cause of the problem is that in the modern world, idiots are full of confidence, while the intelligent are full of doubt.
The moon has no light of its own, but rather it reflects the light of the sun to the children of the night.
Then I was made aware that snakes have no ears with which to hear.
Instead, they detect sounds through their tongues and feel vibrations through sense organs in the skull.
There's a row of ants coming in and out of the kitchen.
Several thousand people became victims of this disease.
Where did you study Chinese?
Could you recommend a few French singers?
It'd be best if a few more female singers could come.
I'd like to eat.
Exactly what method did you use to improve your Mandarin in such a short space of time?
She's from France.
How exactly did you do it?
I hope you will enjoy your time in China.
Can I borrow your digital camera tonight?
Don't mix up comets and asteroids.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
We imported meat from Argentina.
The towel wasn't useful at all.
We must make a new start.
I feel like having some dumplings.
It won't take much time.
I'll come round tomorrow evening.
This happens all the time.
My husband and I are both teachers.
I like drinking beer and wine.
These books and clothes are all yours.
Betty White is very popular with Americans.
I'm not in agreeance with your methods at all.
She's like her mum.
My friends and I often go to the bar.
You and me are the same age.
She and her boyfriend live together.
Every day I go to the café and have coffee.
A man came over and asked if I was OK.
I drove to town and went shopping.
I ate fried rice and drank some beer.
We miss you and are really looking forward to you being here.
He likes singing and dancing.
He likes to sing and dance.
We want to go to Beijing and Shanghai.
We will go to Beijing and Shanghai.
I've taken the HSK and achieved the highest level.
He really loves beer and gets drunk every day.
I left Shanghai last year and I've never been back.
My name is Tom.
My name is Tom.
Can anyone here speak Mandarin?
Why are you learning Esperanto?
She can sing very well.
He doesn't lie.
I've been anticipating his arrival.
I'm so hungry!
I didn't go to school yesterday.
Since my mother was sick, I stayed home from school.
How many eyes had the Cyclops?
The boy has come home.
The man is old.
Is it here?
He's married and has three children.
She's annoying and selfish.
Our stuff got stolen, and we missed our train.
He bought vegetables and some fruit.
I'm tired, and a bit annoyed.
I'd like mapo tofu, and two bowls of rice.
You ruined my BMW!
My grandmother has a green thumb.
I've had a brilliant idea.
Speak more slowly, please.
Please speak slower.
Suddenly, the clouds darkened the sky.
In Japan, it rains quite a bit during our rainy season which is from mid-June until mid-July.
Tom has a reservation.
Tom has many friends.
Tom has no choice but to go.
Tom has to go to bed early tonight.
Tom has to protect himself.
Tom hasn't finished yet.
Tom has a lot to think about.
That student knows some English.
Would you tell me where his house is?
Silence!
We went to Russia.
I've learned so much from my mistakes, I'm thinking of making a few more!!
I want to help you to study French.
It's fine, just make sure you don't say that again.
The vast majority of Chinese people have never met foreigners before, so it feels odd for them, like meeting space aliens.
I really hope that I can speak authentic Chinese.
I won the gold medal.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift. That is why it is called the "present".
I am really sorry, but I seem to have lost your umbrella.
She has no more than twelve puppies.
En, Does he have any children?
I'm also very pleased to have seen you.
What a sad man!
My daugther wants a kitten.
We are watching the sun set.
Is it going to rain tomorrow?
We heard this song before.
Do you prefer red or white wine?
His house is by a river.
I'm freezing!
Somebody has stolen my hair dryer.
As for me, I have nothing to say.
I can't tell you any more, I've already said too much.
I am ready to die.
I saw a friend.
To be honest, I don't like you at all.
I eat and read at the same time.
God died. We killed Him.
There is only one truth.
If you cry because you miss the sun when it goes away, then you will also miss the stars.
If a person doesn't have a strong will, he will be unable to embrace profound wisdom.
I am working at Alibaba.
This issue has nothing to do with you.
Friendship and happiness cannot be separated.
England and Scotland are neighbours.
Sixty minutes make an hour, and a minute is made up of sixty seconds.
I don't think it'll rain this afternoon.
Dad says the most important thing is that I'm alive.
Fear comes from the unknown.
Can you speak a little slower please?
We've really been missing him since he left.
This is very difficult.
I have thirteen cats.
Where programmers use semi-colons every day, the majority of people only use them in emoticons.
The Federal Republic of Germany was established in 1949.
Tears fell from his eyes.
His eyes were filled with tears.
I lost the watch dad gave me.
Can I help you at all?
If you spoke less and listened more, you'd definitely be able to learn something.
I've been waiting for him since early this morning.
Should one say "thou" or "ye"?
Everybody likes that flower.
Is this a flower?
He's contemplating the complexity of contemporary life.
I'm a huge fan of golf.
I cycle to work.
You understand me.
We'll leave in an hour.
He's an excellent author.
They're professional singers.
He's the tallest amongst the boys.
Should I give you those books to look at?
Rest time's over!
Even though it sounds strange, what she said is true.
What kind of person is she?
Can I open this box?
I can't sleep.
I'm eating.
I am eating.
She's a middle-aged fat woman.
I forgot to save the file before switching off.
You really should quit smoking.
All life is a dream, and dreams themselves are only dreams.
She's not a child.
It's not possible to study with so much noise!
Which one is more expensive?
Let's shake hands.
I don't like the way this fruit smells.
Children, listen!
Everyone feels pessimistic.
There is nothing worse than doing something in a half-hearted manner.
Leaving something unfinished is the worst thing you can do.
I'm not a doctor.
I'm not a doctor.
I'm eating fruits because I'm hungry.
She always cries when he is drunk.
In my world everyone’s a pony and they all eat rainbows and poop butterflies.
Compared to our house, yours is a mansion.
Stay here and wait for her.
What are those people doing?
Ask for what you want.
Do you really think that Tom won't come?
My faith in the next generation is increasing.
Turtles are reptiles.
I'm talking about my friend.
Why do you want to become a nurse?
I'm worried about my weight.
I'm a loser.
This is the first time I have heard about it.
What chocolate do you like to eat?
I'm rarely this angry.
Go get some water.
How am I supposed to know this?
The elephant is an enormous creature.
He's really drunk.
Sorry, what's your name?
Fortunately, no passengers were injured.
Welcome to Tatoeba!
My whole body itches.
Everyone should bring their own lunch.
Sorry, can I borrow it for a minute?
Who does the car belong to when the owner dies?
I'm not used to walking long distances.
I was burnt by the iron.
What do you think of Japan's economy?
Are you available tonight?
We're here!
You shouldn't trust people like this.
He did everything he could for his child.
Old people were tricked by the shop assistant.
If a person has not had a chance to acquire his target language by the time he's an adult, he's unlikely to be able to reach native speaker level in that language.
Sir, can we quickly inspect your luggage please?
Ah, that reminds me of the old days!
Does anyone know how to pronounce this character?
I was forced to go to work on Sunday.
Houses made of wood are the easiest to catch on fire.
This is ice.
The tigers escaped from the zoo.
Are you happy at your own home?
We always have something to say.
Getting addicted to something and having too much of something are two different things.
Excessive use of the Internet is not a medical or psychiatric issue.
Compare it to other enjoyable activities: going to the cinema, reading books, going for walks, chatting to friends etc.
There are plenty of examples of people who do these things “excessively”, but no-one says those are “addictions”.
The concept doesn’t make sense.
The concept of “Internet addiction” implies that “the Internet” is some sort of definable activity.
In fact, there are countless, varied uses for the Internet.
It’s a communication medium, not a substance or specific activity.
It’s like saying that someone is addicted to “transport”, “art” or “politics”.
I’ve heard the example of the parents in Korea who let their child die because they were too busy playing video games.
I’m not denying that that happened, but one example doesn’t count as evidence.
I'm not denying it happened, but one example can't be called proof.
Those people did not neglect their child because they used the Internet too much.
They used the Internet too much because they had some underlying problem that also caused them to neglect their child.
This is an example of confusing two things that have a common cause with one thing that causes another.
He did all he could to protect his son.
It's very hard getting a taxi in this city.
My teacher taught me that you can take the square root of a negative number.
People “diagnosed” with “Internet addiction” are nearly always diagnosed with other difficulties as well.
My friends started the trip three days ago.
He sleeps during the day and works at night.
I don't love you.
How would you like your hair done?
What kind of hair style would you like?
A young man is singing in front of the door.
I'm so hungry!
If anything is to be called sacred, it's the human body.
He was heard singing in the shower.
She was seen at a restaurant with her lover.
They are considered the greatest rock band in history.
It was once thought that there was intelligent life on Mars.
They were treated for hypothermia.
We were shown all of their family photos.
A satellite was launched in Russia last year.
Over ten thousand messages are sent every second on Facebook.
In Christianity, Jesus is believed to be the son of God.
Many poor students are given bursaries.
It has been found that smoking is bad for your health.
It is said that the war will end soon.
It is rumoured that the prime-minister will resign next month.
There would be no New China without the communist party.
Why are men never happy? Because they always want the impossible.
That's right.
How do you read this character?
There are many people in the house.
There are three trees in the yard.
I want this Japanese-Chinese dictionary.
There are so few things like this.
The wind is really strong outside.
Children love to sing.
Was it cold last night?
Every day, your father drives to work.
Their team lost again.
My grandma just drank a bit of soup.
His younger brother went to Shanghai the day before yesterday.
I want to buy a few pairs of trousers.
Where's your watch?
Her sister also sings very beautifully.
This is cheap.
None of them are drivers.
Neither of them are drivers.
My grandfather takes medicine every day.
That restaurant's too expensive.
My daughter sleeps eight hours a day.
I have four lessons today.
In front of you, you can see Tiananmen Square.
My brother gets up every morning at 7.
His son doesn't work at a bank.
What book do you plan on reading?
My boyfriend still hasn't been to the Great Wall.
Where do you feel uncomfortable?
There are about ten to twenty students in total.
I wish you a good trip!
Long time no see!
Please smoke!
Please drink tea.
Please sit down!
Sorry to bother you!
To your health!
I wish you good health!
Good work!
Forgive me!
Nature is full of mystery.
Too expensive!
You speak Esperanto, don't you?
You speak Esperanto, right?
Are you being served?
These are the decisions we've made.
Did that lady just swear?
She and I hold the same position in the company, but she earns more than I do.
You can come to my party, but you have to bring me a gift.
They're playing chess.
But I don't have any money.
Drink some coffee. It tastes very good, I think.
Have some coffee. I think it's really nice.
This game is based on a novel.
I don't want to live like this.
I guess what I've said isn't all that clear, but that's the only way I can explain it.
I used to smoke a lot, but now I've quit.
You are doing it the wrong way.
I'm going to visit him next week.
He might be young but he's trustworthy.
Tom has never been punctual.
A good idea came to me.
A Mr. Miller wants to see you.
The new moon came out.
Tom spent most of the morning straightening up his office.
It might rain.
There are so many people at this concert.
What would you like to eat for dinner?
No matter what happens, I'm not changing my mind.
Fish and red wine don't go well together.
I hope I can see you soon.
I'm under so much pressure, I just want to cry.
His voice is pleasant to listen to.
His voice is pleasant to listen to.
Tom has never been on time.
Get out of my house!
Huizi asked Zhuangzi: "If you're not a fish, how do you know what fish enjoy?"
I want it now!
Can you please shut up?
As soon as I've finished doing that, I'll help you.
I'll beat you up!
Stiff upper lip!
Tell us more.
Your sneakers are dirty; take them off before you come in.
Please remain calm.
I'm a good guy.
What time do you wake up every day?
Call me if you discover anything.
After many years of thinking, I came to a conclusion that everyone's meaning of life is actually: to find the meaning of life. Every one of us is a unique individual. And every one of us has his own capibility to find in his life one particular mission to fulfill.
You're terrible.
You're so bad.
You don't need to work on Sundays.
There is nothing scarier than death.
How long are you going to be in Oxford for?
I sometimes still think about her.
Sometimes I still miss her.
No one answered my question.
That's what I thought too.
I filled up the vase with water.
You are the devil incarnate.
They never give up.
He doesn't exist.
Let me know.
It was ages since we had had such a good time.
The moon's so bright.
I'll give him the letter.
You can go home.
You can come home.
You're tired. I'm also tired.
He came back at five o'clock.
He came back at five.
I'm ready to leave.
I'm not good at carpentry.
I like sweets.
I'm the tallest one in the class.
Where are your keys?
It's a bit slow, can you wait for a bit?
The various dialects of China are what 'Chinese' really is.
She can speak a type of Chinese, but she can't speak Mandarin.
She can speak Chinese, but she can't speak Mandarin.
Why are you speaking loudly?
It's unbearably hot.
Long time no see!
Do you miss me?
We have exams right after summer vacation.
Even now, I occasionally think I'd like to see you. Not the you that you are today, but the you I remember from the past.
I moved here yesterday.
If you like it, you can keep it!
All the things I bought have already arrived.
You may go in now.
When you have free time, please come and play.
You ran back here.
You should stand up to speak.
The lesson has ended and the children have gone out to play.
Go back.
Stand up.
Put it on.
Take away.
Sit down! Don't stand up.
He put his things down and left.
I still need to use these things, so please don't take them away.
Get out! Don't play here!
I returned home to eat.
I came back home to eat a meal.
His parents are moving back to their home town.
It's really cold tonight.
There's a policeman outside who wants to see you.
That just goes to show that you are a liar.
This is proof that you're the murderer.
We went to the café that I told you about.
I've never met someone who doesn't like chocolate.
In the world, there are 10 types of people: Those who understand binary and those that don't.
This is the best cake that I have ever eaten.
From the moment that I met her, I hated her.
The victim had been beaten up and left for dead.
I never know what to say to people who have absolutely no grasp of the basic facts and are too ignorant to realise it.
She applied for a job at the company that had not only bribed local officials but also caused huge problems for her own family.
Nothing is foolproof to a talented fool.
Who is at your table?
Please send me a letter as soon as you arrive.
"Where's your book?" "On the table."
"How old are you?" "Sixteen years old".
How many sisters do you have? How many brothers?
You are a panda.
You are a panda.
Wait, wait just a little while.
I think we are still in Poland!
Love is only an invention.
The hunter chases the rabbit in the fields.
Apparently, they nest in a tree in front of the house.
I am thankful to have been given the experience of life.
"I've found a way to make him really jealous." "Oh, do tell!"
It's so nice to stay at home.
He has a heart of stone.
I like people with a sense of humour.
I love you, but you don't know everything.
Give it to me.
You're not busy, right?
I'll ask him if he's busy or not.
You have a really good sense of direction.
There's no need for you to study.
Sometimes I say "yes," even though I want to say "no."
I want to stay in a hotel near the airport.
Maybe at the time she accidentally left her car key in her room.
Eat noodles.
We unexpectedly found a cat in the box.
I will send it by email this afternoon.
Last week I quickly read four books in my room.
Everyone likes big pizzas.
The thin man killed the fat man.
That red car hit the blue van.
Why do humans smile? This is a very difficult question to answer.
For several years I've been in the habit of, when I'm at home, only leaving my desk when it's time to eat.
When you arrive in Osaka, please contact me.
I hope that you are very well.
Now it is official.
I immediately thought of you!
Ten years is a really long period of time.
"Novels? I hate novels." Oh muse, forgive her blasphemy.
"Novels? I hate novels." Oh muse, forgive her blasphemy.
Block it!
The dodo is an already extinct species.
The dodo is an already extinct species.
The Golden Age of the Romans is in the past.
Three soldiers who came back from the war are renting a house at the edge of a small town on the shore of the Inland Sea and live together.
Do you have a bag?
I don't like beer that much.
I haven't been to America.
The tall man left in a hurry.
That is Xiaoli's book.
That's why I'm telling you not to go alone.
I don't like big dogs.
He was born in this very room.
You're a bug.
You're a bug.
You can never have too much ego.
The Swiss consume a large amount of beer.
Poor cat.
Data compression algorithms can be classified in two categories: those with data loss and those without data loss.
When he came to he found himself lying in a small, windowless cell.
The Titanic's maiden voyage didn't go so well.
The Titanic's maiden voyage didn't go so well.
Workers of the world - unite!
You guys having fun?
It is so early.
Will he come? I don't think he will come.
Jim put the key into the lock.
She told me that she has bought a record.
Work is very busy that I even don't have any time to relax
Winter is here, and the weather's getting cold.
I don't have a dog.
Cats don't eat bananas.
The concert will probably last three hours.
When I first met her, she was nearly 30 years old.
This is my school.
I have a friend whose father is a famous writer.
You are fantastic.
I like that person.
It is difficult to replace an employee that is as qualified as he is.
Unfortunately I must decline your invitation.
Would it suffice if I came around 7?
The prices of raw materials such as oil or coal continue to rise.
He is used to talking back.
I prefer staying at home to going fishing.
Get on the horse.
Get out! I don't want to talk to you!
The letter is inside the envelope.
I've got a feeling that Tom won't graduate this year.
I've something interesting to tell you that you might find surprising.
She really wants to go.
Just at that time, the bus stopped.
How many books do you read per month?
That young lady is a nurse.
I trust him.
He's not good at remembering names.
People's living conditions are getting better and better.
Why do you always avoid that topic?
He is a workaholic.
I just had a quick look. It wasn't interesting at all.
Nobody's going to shed any tears if that old building gets torn down.
It'll definitely rain.
Whose book is this on the desk?
I climb mountains.
Quit gambling.
Could you please not smoke in this room?
From reading good books we can derive pleasure, friendship, experience and instruction.
A good book can completely absorb your attention, to the extent that you forget your surroundings and even your existence.
Reading is one of life's great pleasures.
When you are cheerful, books can increase your happiness; when you are sad, books can lessen your sorrow.
No matter what your main purpose is in reading, books should never fail to provide contentment and satisfaction.
With a good book in your hands you need never feel lonely.
Whether the characters in a book are real or completely imaginary, they can become your friends and companions.
By reading books we can walk with the great and the good from every place and every era.
The people we meet in books can delight us either because they resemble the friends we hold dear in real life, or because they are unfamiliar people that we are pleased to get to know.
Our real life friends may sometimes bore us, but the friends we find in books would never do that.
By turning the page, we can dismiss the characters in a book without fear of hurting their feelings.
When real life friends desert us, books are always ready to offer friendship, sympathy and motivation.
It's only a fifteen minute bus ride from here to the airport.
I fought against sleep.
Look around.
I have two big brothers.
I don't know if my money is enough.
Don't deceive yourself.
The chocolate is going to melt if you keep it out of the fridge.
Don't let them fool you.
I am so thirsty, probably because I ate pizza yesterday night.
He lost a book.
She lost a book.
We haven't finished eating the watermelon yet.
The weather today is great, but lately it's been raining all the time.
They eat these things.
They eat these things.
They eat these things.
Today I went to university to study. Tomorrow I will go again.
I'm friends with him.
Me and him are friends.
My house is here.
This is easy!
I've heard Italian is a tricky language.
What do you think I was doing?
I like reading.
Everything has an end.
I have already finished reading this book.
If you pass this test, you could graduate next month.
She's busy.
That's a lie!
At what time did you hear the gunshot?
That's very handy.
Have some ham.
I have a corner in my liver just for you, alcohol.
All those dots are viral focuses.
She's busy.
The meeting ended.
Have you ever served as a witness in a court case?
I haven't used Anki for a week, and now I'm behind by 500 cards.
I live in Tbilisi.
What is a god?
Keep your eyes wide open!
I admit that I was careless.
Do you know the boy in the picture?
Thanks, I'm full.
Is it raining?
Please buy me a turtle, Mother, please buy me a turtle.
I've never been this happy before.
Nobody knows why.
I went to see a show today.
Why are you ignoring me?
I didn't want to surprise you.
Exercise outdoors.
My ears hurt.
Yesterday I spent the whole day working.
What is your house like?
Hands up! This is a robbery.
The entire world desires peace.
His office is near the train station.
People love to talk.
This is the dilemma.
I'm a make-up artist. I can turn any girl into a beautiful woman.
I'm really jealous of your life right now.
My parents taught me to respect my elders.
Oh no!
There were no more free seats.
This cell phone is really expensive.
Push the red button if something strange happens.
One should respect his teachers.
He has a white cat.
What a beautiful night!
That red-roofed house is my uncle's.
She was able to be ready early this morning, because she finished packing last night.
Our dorm's heating system isn't working properly.
I asked her for her address.
We live near the large library.
Who are you talking to?
Play there.
He promised to come, but he didn't come.
I was at home.
I'm not a doctor, but a teacher.
I feel like somehow I've stopped thinking of translation as something enjoyable.
Ants and giraffes are distant cousins.
Ants and giraffes are distant relatives.
I looked for you everywhere and didn't find you.
Do you think I'm cool?
Do you think of me as a cool guy?
Let's go to the field and fly kites, what do you say?
Don't exaggerate now.
I heard you are going to get married.
I didn't even kiss her.
What are you called?
Why is he hiding?
She didn't know what to do.
I wish you a speedy recovery!
Felipe has two cars and one motorcycle.
I get tired due to my old age.
Eggs should be boiled for at least five minutes.
An egg should cook for at least 5 minutes
We could go travelling for a few days.
You’d better lie low for a few weeks.
Could you help me for ten minutes?
He can borrow my moped for a few days.
The police will pursue her for a long time.
She goes online for several hours every day.
You should sleep for eight hours a day.
Waiting for too long makes most people annoyed.
Not seeing them for a whole month makes me sad.
Giving up drinking for a year is healthy.
I watched TV for two hours yesterday.
When you get there, wait for a while.
I’ll go out after I’ve rested for a while.
I slept for eight hours last night.
We’ve been waiting for hours.
I’ve known him for ten years.
They’ve been watching that film for ages.
They haven’t slept for forty-eight hours.
We haven’t seen him for over ten years.
Is there an app for that?
Could you come to tomorrow's meeting?
I'm not one hundred percent convinced of that.
Is it far?
We have to do our best.
I haven't eaten for many days.
He is not here.
You can use that phone.
This gives me renewed hopes.
My shoulder hurts so much, I don't know what to do.
I never played golf.
She lives in London.
My premonition turned out to be right.
I know nothing about music.
I visit my father twice a year.
That dog is only blind in one eye.
I have a red bike.
I ran as fast as I could, but I missed the train.
I'm a citizen of the world.
By car, it takes 2 hours to get to my uncle's house.
The boy throws a stone.
Reading a book can be compared to a journey.
Why didn't you call me yesterday evening?
I can only give you ten minutes.
He doesn't have a friend he can rely on.
I don't wanna know this.
I don't want to know this.
I do not want to know this.
She comes from Germany.
I use a credit card to pay for things more often than cash.
He complained that the room was too small.
I don't know what I should do now.
This is exactly what I wanted.
I said that I was just kidding about it.
She cannot see his face.
This really is a nice surprise!
How long does it take for the airport shuttle to get to the airport?
He's been sick in bed for four days.
He secretly showed me her picture.
He secretly showed me her photograph.
He often sits for many hours reading books.
Paper was invented in China.
There's no chance that he'll recover.
You have heart disease.
You're the most important person in my life.
The terrible scene made him shudder.
The terrible scene made him tremble in fear.
He really likes music a lot.
He was so angry he couldn't speak.
I understand that you feel uneasy, but don't worry.
You understand more than me about this sort of thing.
Only sixteen percent of the teachers at the school are female.
This is just a hypothesis.
We lack one spoon.
We need one more spoon.
You are the most beautiful flower of my life.
I am very happy to see you.
He speaks too fast.
I broke a nail.
I have ten pens more than you do.
I have decided to keep a diary this year.
By the way, how many of you keep a diary?
I think she's an honest woman.
I lent my friend some money.
I made a serious mistake on the test.
I think you need to think about the future.
I tried to stay on friendly terms with her, but it was impossible.
I walked around aimlessly.
I think he's a man of ability.
I was unable to go to his birthday party.
He was like a ninja hiding behind one of our cars!
Christmas is so close now.
Listen!
I've decided to keep a diary this year.
You must've stayed up late.
Merry Christmas, my love!
After hearing the news, she cheered up.
His leg was put in a cast.
The bus was delayed for ten minutes.
The bus was late by ten minutes.
What are we having for dinner?
What's for supper?
I'm very tired, but I can't get to sleep.
What is his daily goal?
The concert begins now.
If you hurry you can still make the train.
5000 yuan is a lot of money.
We're drinking tea and waiting.
Tom wants to marry Marie.
Tomorrow, my father is going to make a good meal.
My father is going to make a good meal tomorrow.
I have some friends abroad.
There's nothing more I can teach you.
There's nothing more I can teach you.
I thought that you wanted to see me.
We have to pick a name for the child.
Get real.
They already called off the strike.
He works from morning until night.
Don't let him lose hope.
The boy was shirtless.
This cake has a cheesy taste.
This year's fashions are completely different from last year's.
I don't have time for a vacation this year.
You say this to me a lot.
If you need a dictionary, I can lend you my old one.
I am very happy to see you again.
It is very nice to see you again.
My friend is currently designing a user interface for the new operating system.
She had the courage to go and inquire about the results of the exam.
I want to talk to him.
Who is looking after the dog while you are away?
Every country has its own customs.
The colours of the napkins are the same, but the sizes are not.
She's my wife.
You sing with a voice as clear as the waters of the Pacific Ocean.
The flowers in the garden need to be watered.
She is holding flowers in her hand.
He's not very strict about this.
The road starts to suddenly rise from here.
My opinion is the opposite.
Is it already so late?
The room originally had no furniture.
You want to remain anonymous.
This is an adverb.
I can't quite figure out what that chord around 1:58 is. Can somebody help me out?
I have been a keyboardist at a local band for three years.
Egg tarts, when freshly baked, are a real delicacy.
Thousands of candles illuminated the church during the ceremony.
She's sure to succeed.
She seems timid, but she's actually a strong-willed person.
She tried to lift the box, but found it impossible to do.
It's none of your concern.
The meeting has almost ended.
He wrote a book about a jungle adventure.
We should pass on our culture to the next generation.
Nobody supported her.
Nice timing.
It's easy for monkeys to climb trees.
This is one of the best dictionaries I have.
Well then, have you decided?
I've seen a lot of him recently.
You are one of my best friends.
You're one of my best friends.
I will ask him tomorrow.
Why do you think I'm thinking about you?
Three out of four Americans believe in the existence of paranormal phenomena.
She has asked the person at the front desk to connect her to that number.
Perfection isn't good enough.
One cannot study in such noise.
It's impossible to study in such noise.
My cat looks sad.
I still don't understand everything he says.
Money can't buy everything.
Obey your teachers.
Who wants to be a millionaire?
He has spent ten years in jail for murder.
Green stands for hope.
The box is broken.
The box is broken.
You need a key to open the box.
No thank you, I don't need a plastic bag.
No thank you, I don't need a plastic bag.
I learn the language by myself.
I learn the language by myself.
It won't work.
I don't eat pork, beef or eggs.
Did you already have a meal or not?
Hello, I'm so hungry!
But, I don't eat even a little bit of meat.
Why don't you give me a few suggestions?
As long as there's no meat, anything is fine.
It's already been two weeks since I saw you last.
Did you already eat at home?
Have you already eaten at home?
Reading is my past-time.
We are finding it difficult to decide which one to buy.
Do you understand what he's saying?
Your theory has no scientific basis.
"In" is a preposition.
Buy me a turtle, Mom, please buy me a turtle!
I hope to see you this Friday.
Do not think that love, in order to be genuine, has to be extraordinary. What we need is to love without getting tired.
I hope he comes tomorrow.
I drank two cups of coffee.
The floor in this area needs to be redone.
No matter what you do you must always do it to the best of your ability.
My son believes in Santa Claus.
You should take a day off.
I asked her to dance.
Hydrogen is the lightest element.
She's busy now and can't speak to you.
She's busy now and can't speak to you.
She's busy now and can't speak to you.
She's busy now and can't talk with you.
She's busy now and can't talk with you.
She's busy now and can't talk with you.
Be careful not to fall.
It's a long story.
He's younger than me.
The cat is eating the mouse.
We weren't told where he came from.
George is five years older than me.
I want to dance.
I'm reading.
No idea.
Tom didn't come and Jane didn't come either.
There's no water.
I'm big.
It is unfair.
Oh please!
My daughter likes to eat egg yolks.
No, it isn't possible.
You didn't need to bring your umbrella.
We still have an old tube television.
The cost of living in the United States was rising.
How long have you been in here?
He's so tall!
Where is Mississippi?
Mary isn't really sick. She's only pretending to be sick.
I use this.
Show it to me.
Hold on.
Dogs bark.
Don't stutter!
You're the girl of my dreams.
Caution, dangerous dog!
What do you think is the second highest mountain in Japan?
Brazil has almost 200 million inhabitants.
I'm sleepy.
There's no one in your bedroom.
The principal wants to talk to you.
Man, what the hell are you looking for?
Don't worry, we're on our way.
Honey, I can explain.
Meat or fish?
The truth is that nothing is totally true or false.
The teacher told Mary to shut up.
Mary has already left on her trip.
As you wish.
All good things must come to an end.
Don't leave the room.
We can't tell which is better.
They left one after another.
They tied the thief to the tree.
The sun sets earlier in the winter.
You don't have to do it immediately.
You don't have to do it right away.
A lot of people ask me whether bidding goodbye to youth means old age is near.
I am studying computer science.
No women like to wear a dress that another discarded. With men, they're not so choosy.
I warned him about the danger.
Operation Yoav was a military operation carried out by Israel in its war for independence.
My grandfather speaks very slowly.
Don't stare at others.
Cooking takes too much time.
The children are playing with toys.
Those two children were the same age.
She was absent from class.
Laughter is good for your health.
Sometimes, I don't understand him.
You're only saving face!
He wasn't the same as I thought he'd be.
He left his umbrella on the bus.
When will you come back to Italy?
It is such a nice thing to say that I felt the need to say it.
I don't like wine.
Aren't you surprised by his answer?
The truth can be more painful than a lie.
This artist does Chinese painting.
I wish to marry you.
Where are you studying Italian?
How's studying Esperanto going?
I'm not hungry.
I have just finished eating.
They say that golf is very popular in Japan.
By chance, I met my professor at a restaurant last night.
We should ban advertising aimed towards children.
You are truly very strong.
It seems like girls are becoming more and more interested in science.
I see five men.
Winter is here, spring can't be far?
He's a DJ.
Tomorrow there will be a big snowfall.
I want a sword!
She is already sleeping.
We ought to sort the students' names alphabetically.
Her daughter is a nurse.
Her daughter is a nurse.
Their daughter is a nurse.
She's already sleeping.
This function takes two parameters, the first one is the title of the window, the second one will be the title of the icon.
If you want to use Chinese characters, be sure you've saved your files in the UTF-8 encoding.
If you had a time machine, where would you go?
He's highly intelligent.
I'll go back home with you.
My pet is sick.
The next day, Isabela came back home.
I feel smart... Pity... It's just a feeling...
There's a lot of snow in the winter.
Could you call me back a bit later?
My brother is rich.
My brother is rich.
My father is rich.
Who is this boy?
Plot is important!
Tom fell asleep during sex ed class.
Mary was concerned that Oliver had a secret girlfriend.
Tom is a narcissist.
The train tickets can be ordered online in a few days.
We have to be there an hour in advance to get our tickets.
Do you remember the town he was born in?
Okay.
Okay.
You're the tallest one.
Are you full?
Learning foreign languages is boring.
I've never tried Chinese food.
I want to give Mom a plant.
I can't remember the melody of that song.
The interface of this website is somewhat pedestrian, but it’s simple.
I'm not going to hurt you.
He ate the whole apple.
To rule a country is no easy task.
To govern a country is not an easy job.
Use your own words to retell the content of the lesson.
If he is innocent, then his wife is guilty.
My mother boiled ten eggs.
Tom wants to learn boxing, but his mother thinks it's too dangerous.
Come on, everything will be alright.
She has to take a remedial course in English.
Tom is a bus driver.
I'm afraid of dogs.
She's dieting.
She's dieting.
She's absent because she's sick.
He's three years older than her.
She wants to know who sent the flowers.
You shouldn't associate with men like that.
That'll put you in danger.
Rabbits have long ears and short tails.
She's been absent from school for five days.
That's the reason he became angry.
The beach is an ideal place for children to play.
There's a book about dancing on the desk.
What languages are spoken in America?
Which is larger, Japan or England?
Where in Turkey do you live?
You're working too hard. Take it easy for a while.
You don't get up as early as your sister, do you?
You look just like your older brother.
You shouldn't say that kind of thing when children are around.
The recent advances in medicine are remarkable.
He put the book on the shelf.
He earns three times more than me.
He makes three times more money than I do.
He told me his life's story.
It's really hot here in the summer.
Please send this by registered mail.
Oliver has an acne problem.
Give me a chance!
My mother bought my brother a yellow umbrella.
Hope is a little voice whispering "maybe" when it seems the entire world is shouting "no"!
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same thing.
I am sure we have a lot in common.
We postponed our departure because of the storm.
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.
He's always burning the midnight oil.
The crowd is going nuts.
He seldom stays home on Sundays.
Her golden hair floats in the summer breeze.
Even though he explained to me over and over again the meaning of this poem, I still don't get it.
I never regretted having helped him.
My father asked me to go to the concert.
We'll be friends forever.
What are the prerequisites for a child to learn the piano?
What conditions must a child meet to be able to learn the piano?
I met him on the streets by chance after many years.
Times are changing.
Those folks are insane!
How can a router be used to limit network speed?
But I haven't looked up this tracking number on the DHL website.
Tom and Mary are playing beach volleyball.
You definitely can't compare Marseilles and Lyons.
He was very anxious on the eve of the exam.
He worries excessively on the eve of exams.
If I do not get the item this week, I will make a complaint to PayPal.
I will post lots of pictures, so it will be like you were there with me.
She's been in the hospital for a month.
She couldn't attend that party because she was sick.
She has seven children.
He bought some flowers.
Can you let me by?
Can you let me pass?
Can I get by you?
Who wrote the Bible?
The snow is melting.
No one has seen him recently.
It's best if you don't poke your nose into other people's business.
The summer was over in no time.
My father can take me to the airport.
I choose to take pride in my work.
I fell asleep while reading a book.
She went upstairs.
How much is four times six?
How much is four times six?
I don't plan to hang out tonight. I need to prepare for my lessons.
Don't let the dog come in.
Call the police.
A GPS device can pinpoint your location anywhere in the world.
They arrived late because of the storm.
Why don't you go home?
It's a very sad story.
I won't be here tomorrow.
I have no idea who she is.
Japan is in Asia.
Food is what matters to people.
I'm not allowed to drink alcohol.
My wife wants to adopt a child.
The weather is fine today!
Little Zhang is a good guy!
Don't let this opportunity slip away!
Don't miss the train this afternoon!
I envy her.
Tom has lost his mind.
He carved a Buddha statue from wood.
I'll miss her forever.
He doesn't need to get up so early.
My father had me wash the car.
It is very hot here in the summer.
I've scolded him many times.
I was happy to see her.
I'm glad that you will come.
I know why you're happy.
This train is going to London.
I've missed another chance.
Tom bought a gift for Mary.
In summer, everything will recover.
Beijing welcomes you.
At first, I thought I was sick.
I am sitting at the table.
Everybody likes to goof off.
He's crazy.
He became a popular singer.
Tom speaks Japanese fluently.
Tom speaks Japanese very fluently.
Don't be so careless!
Many people envy Tom's success.
My grandfather likes going for walks.
I do all the work.
The children have gone to school already.
If you pass the exam, how about we go to the bar to drink beer?
Whether you pass the Chinese exam or not, let's go to the bar to drink beer.
Truer words were never spoken.
Don't hurt her.
I have to go to the toilet.
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
Her skin is whiter than snow.
His illness is caused by bad weather.
No matter what I do, she says I can do better.
Foreigners are interesting, aren't they?
She was born in America.
I want a little bit of coffee. I don't want anything else.
Every day I come to university by bus.
We'll get a phone call from him tonight for sure.
Tom doesn't trust the police.
It started raining as soon as we got home.
Every day I think: wouldn't life be great if I didn't have to work.
Tom and Mary are very hungry.
Don't shout at me.
Don't you raise your voice at me.
He likes mischief.
Are Protestants tired of the Bible?
This is the cutest puppy I've ever seen.
No one knows what'll happen in the future.
I got a phone call from him just as I was about to go to bed.
In Japan, the new school year begins in April.
I prefer to take the train rather than the bus.
People have two legs.
I'm going to the barber today.
She is almost 20 years old.
I'm only joking; don't take me seriously.
Don't take my jokes seriously.
I used to ride my bike at weekends.
People will have different ideas tomorrow.
I can't play tennis that well.
Did you enjoy the film you saw?
English is a communication tool.
She twisted her ankle while she was doing exercise.
Let's get married!
We ridiculed him because of that thing.
That is not important to me.
Have you already been to Kyoto?
When does your new store open?
When will your new store open?
I absolutely don't know that woman.
I really don't know that woman.
Do you have a drink to help quench my thirst?
I want to clean the house before my parents come.
Apart from some fruit, he hasn't eaten anything.
Even smart people are sometimes absent-minded.
This saying suddenly became popular.
This saying became popular overnight.
I'm already able to write Chinese characters.
I am already able to write Chinese characters.
This is my page on Facebook.
No matter how hard the training was, she never cried.
I am not homesick.
It was Mr. Smith that taught me how to use that machine.
What would you do if you had ten thousand dollars?
You'll have three relationships before you meet your true soulmate.
My husband reads the newspaper while eating breakfast.
Most students are preparing for the final exams.
He will be very busy next month.
I sent you an e-mail.
Do not read during the meal.
His life is a neverending race against time.
She is much younger than Tom.
He is very young.
They can speak English.
I can speak Spanish.
It rained.
Gestures are very important in human communication.
Who saw the funeral today?
I'll call you every night.
I don't know the translation of the word 'oindre'.
I already know what you want!
There are no people who don't desire peace.
There are no tables in the room.
He was hired away by a rival company.
He won everything.
She won everything.
She had my mother take care of the baby.
If you want to, call me this afternoon.
He asked that we be silent.
His book is very interesting.
Her book is very interesting.
Are you busy at work?
Do you have younger brothers?
He is a student, he studies Chinese at the Università degli Studi di Parma.
My name is Lanlan, I'm Chinese.
Why don't you take a break?
He likes to read my Chinese books.
Let me introduce it.
Tomorrow night, they will all go to Beijing University to attend class.
The train is arriving!
The train is coming!
That person writing the letter in the classroom is my friend.
He likes to read the Chinese book his father wrote in America.
He likes reading the Chinese book his father wrote in America.
What do you want to buy for him?
She loves to read Chinese books.
She doesn't like to sing sad songs.
She's a girl, but she's brave.
She can't write or read.
She didn't say even one word to me.
She disappeared.
She knows a lot about the latest fashions.
She doesn't have as much patience as you do.
She stood in front of the mirror.
She's not old enough to get a driver's license.
If and only if the ice-cream is vanilla flavour will Xiao Wang eat it.
I love the trunk.
No context, no text.
You have to trust me.
Suspenders are safest.
My cat is mad.
Coffee vending machines are bad.
If that were true, what would you do?
This movie is highly controversial.
Tom and Mary went deer hunting.
I log in to Tatoeba once a week.
I log into Tatoeba weekly.
It's been a long time since we last saw each other.
We have to look after our parents.
We plan to go hiking tomorrow.
At first, I thought he was your brother.
At first, I thought he was your brother.
Why are you worrying about something that doesn't matter so much?
Every student was asked one question.
I was very tired, so I fell asleep right away.
Where can I go to get a map of Europe?
He hurried so he wouldn't miss the train.
Is he graduating this year?
I am going to buy some things.
The accident happened near his home.
Is there a zoo in Boston?
When I heard that song, it reminded me of when I was a kid.
Hope that we need not to wait for a long time.
She waited and waited, but he never returned.
Go away before they see you here.
I said shut up!
Don't forget about me.
I thought you were my friend.
Do you know my name?
She likes running.
Going to sleep and waking up early is good for the body.
What is the total amount of money you spent?
He believes there is a spy among us.
5000 yuan is a lot of money.
Open your mind.
She doesn't have the ticket.
I would like to learn how to dance.
I didn't go to school because I was sick.
Since I was sick, I didn't go to school.
I talked to her.
Today is Wednesday.
We think that he's honest.
I have a dog. He is black and his name is Tiki.
This car was so cheap that he could afford it.
Is this the train station?
Do you have a red pencil?
I felt myself being lifted up.
It's your favorite song.
These students work hard, but it's not that much efficient.
It's hard for foreigners to learn Japanese.
His father dedicated his life to science.
She has green eyes.
People are not remembered by the number of times they fail but for the number of times they succeed.
He was paid 10,000 dollars.
I can't follow his logic.
Being a rich man does not mean that he is happy.
Are there French speakers in Canada?
Are there francophones in Canada?
Japanese young people like rock and jazz music.
That is a hotel.
I could see that.
First Contact became humanity's salvation as it was at the brink of self-destruction.
A person is worth more than money.
No, I don't understand.
Who'll be elected chairman?
He was alone at the time.
Cats only have two eyes.
Do not drink beer before going to bed.
He almost never gets angry.
That fire burned the entire town to ashes.
He is definitely not a gentleman.
John felt like there were ghosts in the dark room.
Drinking wine aids digestion.
Do you really want to see a French film?
Should I take this medicine?
It's against the rules to smoke at the office.
What are they laughing at?
I want to replace him.
Learning new information can make people happy.
Philosophy is the love of wisdom.
Please stop crying.
Please don't cry again.
I do not understand the exact meaning of this sentence.
She is Russian.
You must reboot your computer.
I hate it when my clothes smell of smoke.
I have been obsessed with French recently.
Don't you think it's strange that he's not here?
They like to sing.
I love elderberry juice.
I can speak Chinese, but I can't read Chinese.
I can speak Chinese.
I can speak Chinese.
See you next week.
This idea is a misperception, and makes no sense.
America has the world’s largest economy, and its army is the most powerful.
I’d certainly like to go and watch a film, but I’m not sure if I have time.
She’s a foreigner, but speaks Chinese excellently.
We ordered the products on time. However, they won’t be dispatched until next month.
The city government wants to set up special cycle lanes. However, a lot of drivers oppose the idea.
Usually I cycle or get the bus to work.
Would you like to go for a drink or something to eat?
Do you want to eat noodles or rice?
Let’s either speak Chinese, or not speak at all.
Let’s drink wine or beer.
Correlation does not imply causation.
If you’re hungry, have something to eat.
If you like beer, you might like wine.
If you don’t do more exercise, you’ll be unhealthy.
If your visa expires, you must leave China.
If you’re going to be like this I’ll just leave.
If she didn't see you then there’s nothing to worry about.
If you go to Beijing, definitely have a look at Tiananmen Square.
Only if you study hard will you be able to get into university.
You can only come to China if you’ve got a visa.
As long as you’ve prepared, you won’t have any problems.
As long as good people do nothing, evil will triumph.
Unless there is reliable evidence for it, we should not believe anything.
I won’t forgive you unless you apologise sincerely.
You can come in if and only if you know our password.
A person is a bachelor if and only if that person is a marriageable man who has never married.
Is this all the thing?
I'm only going to write small sentences without commas.
What he says is total nonsense.
Why are you here?
Am I in London?
This is your color!
I like curls.
I have a proposal.
She lived alone after her husband died.
Excuse me. Do you have to wait?
He spent the night at his uncle's place.
Parents often sacrifice themselves to ensure that their children receive a good education.
His car flipped over several times before it fell into the river.
Please take the pillow and blanket and give them to me.
To err is to be human.
It is human to make mistakes.
Letters from Fiona came gradually less and less.
Fiona's letters gradually came less and less.
I come from a beautiful city: Chengdu.
I'm in a desperate situation.
The woman is fat.
He even called me an idiot.
This is a world where the sun doesn't shine.
Don't bother me.
There are many endangered species.
Tom likes trying out new things.
I'm studying in the library.
I'm out riding my bike.
He is very good at teaching people.
He's a very good teacher, so his children really listen to him.
Tom was crying.
Be careful what you say, Andrea; the walls have ears.
It is subject to interpretation.
What can I say?
My mother could speak five languages.
I can't visit you every day.
I cannot visit you every day.
They have watched TV serials this evening.
The car continued to accelerate.
He was a great teacher so his children were very obedient.
He was a great educator so his children really listened to him.
She fortunately knows his address.
Please write underneath your residential address and home number.
He is always very respectful of his wife's opinions.
He looks a lot like his father.
I don't have friends to play with.
He has been secretly in love with her.
He has had a crush on her.
It is said that Peng Zu was the grandson of a celestial emperor.
I have no books to read.
He is a painter, but he can't paint in the traditional Chinese style.
He's a painter, but he doesn't do traditional Chinese painting.
There are more than 4,000 languages in the world.
With all its sham, drudgery and broken dreams; it is still a beautiful world.
No one is more hardworking than you all.
Tom burned the letter.
I eat meat three times a week.
Christmas is only a few days away.
A cat has seven lives.
He didn't listen to music.
That was an excellent meeting.
Last year in the Philippines, earthquakes and tidal waves resulted in the deaths of more than 6,000 people.
That girl isn't able to ride a bicycle.
I studied English, French and Chinese.
Tom is looking for a job.
Tom is a rabbi.
Tom loves to sing.
Mary prefers to dye her hair blonde.
I have a lot of friends living in Boston.
I'd rather go hungry than eat this.
You should've told me yesterday.
I don't feel like watching TV.
Why are you asking me?
Who did you come with?
Tom is my grandfather.
How did you get there?
Don't try my patience.
Don't ask me anything.
Did you lock the door?
Did you get my letter?
Are you satisfied now?
Are you afraid of Tom?
Where is my umbrella?
Tom has two children.
Please lock the door.
I'll ask Tom to wait.
Did Tom say anything?
What's today's date?
What did he ask you?
Tom knows my number.
Where are my books?
Everybody is fine.
Here is the bill.
Are you Tom?
I hate you!
They have the horse.
Tom is hiding a terrible secret.
My city is fifty kilometres from the capital.
Since he didn't know what to say, he remained silent.
We'll die sooner or later.
She smokes excessively.
The lesson of history is always that things have been otherwise in different times and places and thus could now be otherwise as well.
Form is temporary, class is permanent.
This is because you approach everything as a total person, with no loose ends hanging out to signify divided intentions.
They still attacked us, despite clearly agreeing to sign the non-agression pact.
I think you should take the test again.
India is a developing country.
Keep at it!
I love to travel abroad.
Hi, I have an appointment with the general manager. This is my interview notice.
I'm not afraid of facing pressure. When problems arise, I will quickly think of ways to find the solutions.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
Man must take a lesson from difficult situation and bad condition which befall in her/his life.
Magnanimity is a great treasure; harmonious affinity with others is wonderful, Detachment from name and gain averts trouble; happiness makes older people feel young.
Optimism is like the lamp of hope. Pessimism [or negativity] is like a drug of sorrow.
Beauty without bounty avails naught.
Speaking without thinking is like shooting without looking.
A flattering friend is your worst enemy.
I have money.
Some say that China was like a Russian colony.
If you have no character to lose, people will have no faith in you.
If you're not a loser by nature, then people won't trust you.
Kid, don't touch the mirror!
I love Natasha.
I'm here, so do you want to chat?
He got married quickly.
What are you eating for lunch?
I'm a little touched.
That will be funny.
I must learn seriously.
Why you give him this gift?
Up to now, how many books do you think you've read?
How many books do you think you've read so far?
We had a meal after noon.
Don't bug me.
These are called shoes.
I have a lot of regrets.
I feel extremely regretful.
When I was a child, I spent most of my time indoors reading.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Iraq and Iran.
Concerning the content below, I want to verify two things.
It is only the cat's fault.
Life would be so much better if you didn't care so much.
Tomorrow it will rain.
Today I'm feeling melancholic.
The child is wearing a belly-slip made of silk.
Are there any students from Korea in your class?
The clothes at this boutique are particularly expensive.
She likes to wear dark colours.
I like to learn Chinese and English.
Is it difficult to learn Chinese?
This village isn't big, but it's quite lively.
My computer shut down automatically.
When will tomorrow arrive?
I want a pet tiger.
I want a pet tiger.
A reward will be paid to anyone who brings back the money that he lost.
Don' t worry, you shall get the answer this afternoon.
I am going to buy clothes today.
You didn't write anything.
Tom is a fat man.
What's he hiding?
Hmm, I think something happened. Wait a second, I will try to figure it out.
Shougongsha is an old Chinese technique to test a woman's virginity.
She looks young, but she's actually over forty.
You killed my father. Today, I want revenge.
My mother doesn't wake up early.
Can you fetch the children from school?
I am leaving work, so let's talk another day.
Where did they go?
Where did they go?
I don't want to spoil the ending for you.
Excuse me, could you pass me the sugar?
Her answer was that she never had seen that man.
"I'll be back," said Tom.
You can see that the architect paid scrupulous attention to detail.
I don't think that it is possible to generalise a whole nation, and say how all Japanese people are.
They just taught me to swear.
How much time did it take you to learn Chinese so well?
I am immediately in awe of you!
All of a sudden I'm filled with great admiration for you!
Your Chinese is awesome already.
It's weird isn't it?
Mary has nice legs.
Mary has nice legs.
Coffee is ready.
His watch is ten minutes slow.
Nothing is going his way.
They know what happened.
This is my first time.
You cannot do this.
I have black eyes.
You've been talking to me for so long, don't you know my name?!
She's Tom's older sister.
She is Tom’s older sister.
Do you know how my friends describe me?
On the other hand, you want to come to Tianjin for fun and to talk to me.
To be honest, I've never heard of this place before.
Tom's life was changed forever.
Mary is always saying that Tom isn't romantic enough.
I think you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen.
I want to see your older sister.
I want to meet your older sister.
The demand is huge.
I bathe every day.
How much does he earn per month?
She's what you call a "delinquent mom," but she's good at cooking, and most importantly, she's a really caring parent.
Why does the phone have to ring all the time only when I'm busy? I can't get any work done because of it.
"That's a woman's job," said Tom.
What's the worst-case scenario?
His company didn't survive the crisis.
The facts proved that our worries were unnecessary.
He frankly expressed his own view.
The budding of the peach tree is very beautiful.
Tom and Mary hugged each other.
Why didn't she come?
You're leaving already?
Our team lost, 2-0.
Can you do me a favor?
Tom looked puzzled.
Tom maintained his innocence.
I feel flattered.
The mother occasionally reread her son's letter.
Little by little, the bird made his nest.
If you buy me an ice cream, I'll give you a kiss.
I did not expect it to be that big.
Don't pay attention to her.
They told me it was your fault.
God bless America.
The two scholars wrangled over the meaning of an obscure Tibetan phrase.
He sat down at the piano and plonked out as best he could the "Happy Birthday" song.
He was hanged during the Revolution.
If you have a thought, please raise your hand.
Some foods make you thirsty.
Natasha was born in Russia, but she doesn’t speak Russian.
The Japanese live on rice and fish.
Can I sit here?
Is it really possible?
Didn't you see the man?
Didn't you see the man?
Didn't you see the man?
Didn't you see the man?
Do you get it?
This area is still underdeveloped because of a lack of interest from the government.
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
Loneliness and being alone are not the same thing.
Few things are more enraging to me than the sight of an animal being beaten.
I'm too happy!
Can you speak Mandarin?
They didn't listen.
It is a serious problem.
I'm tracking a buck.
Quieten down!
The school's lovely cherry blossoms drew a lot of residents to come and admire it.
That dog was hit by a car.
I haven't gotten any messages from him since then.
Summer came quickly.
Language is wonderful.
The server is a bit slow.
I met a friend at the airport.
She's starting to like this house.
She always dresses very simply.
She always dresses very modestly.
The clothes she wears are always plain.
She is used to living a hardworking and frugal life.
He borrowed money from the bank in order to buy a car.
You stay here. Everyone else go outside.
I study English and Japanese.
My opinion is the one that counts!
I don't think that he's honest.
If you need my advice, I'd be glad to give it to you.
Tom died two years ago in a plane crash.
Tom never saw her again.
Please divide the pizza into three parts.
You are a good person.
You are a good person.
The fuel gauge is broken.
I come from Italy and I speak Italian.
I come from Italy and I speak Italian.
When a team makes its entrance, the captain leads the way.
Can I try on this pair of shoes?
I'm staying home.
Tom cannot drive.
We will have guests tomorrow.
Vesak is a Buddhist holiday which celebrates the birth, enlightenment and death of the Buddha.
I'm waiting for my girlfriend.
I'm a little confused.
I'm eating rice now.
The world is not so bad. Of course, it is better when you succeed.
It's not quite ready yet.
She can do both at the same time.
Youths who are caught violating the new rules on behaviour will lose their right to free travel, and will have to complete unpaid community work to earn it back.
In order to deal with repeat offenders, Mr Johnson is also establishing a "two strikes and you're out" policy - serious breaches of the rules will result in permanent removal of free travel rights.
Previously, Mr Johnson also proposed banning the consumption of alcohol on public transport in the capital, which is believed to have reduced the crime rate on trains and buses.
He enthusiastically engaged himself in this honorable undertaking.
Some medicines can be harmful to the body.
Ruminants are a group of mammals.
What's happened has happened; there's no use in whining and complaining.
Do you know anything about Tom's parents?
I saw Tom having an argument with Mary.
What were you doing this morning?
We were friends.
Move over.
It's hard to believe that Tom wasn't aware that Mary was in love with him.
I work too much.
I love this song.
I like being on the team.
I know what you did.
I had no choice.
I don't want to quit this job.
I don't want to miss my train.
I don't want to go there again.
Do you own a gun?
Did you like it?
Come with me now.
Can you see?
Call me.
Back off.
Are we done?
Are there any questions?
All the desk drawers were empty.
Which cup is yours?
Just relax.
We know.
I've read many kinds of books.
They are reading her book.
Do you have any siblings?
They failed the exam.
The situation is worse than I'd thought.
I want to see a volcano.
Tom likes making paper aeroplanes.
How annoying!
They are here.
You have nothing to be sorry about.
She was more beautiful than all the others.
We are informed by newspapers of the major events that take place every day.
Mum bought us a puppy.
I'm not guilty.
I'm innocent.
I look forward to it.
Do it somewhere else.
Rubber is not hard: it gives way to pressure.
The weather promises to clear up.
He is a promising student.
In spite of the tyrant’s persecution, the hero valiantly carried on the struggle.
We express our gratitude for Mr Smith's outstanding, challenging speech.
You’re getting into deep water.
The washing-up machine at home was regarded as a rival to the worker at the kitchen sink.
Heating water does not change its chemical composition.
She is not only good at running; she is also good at singing.
In China’s approach to relations with other countries, we find a welcome emphasis on the principle of equality of states.
He is below contempt.
We intended to let you in on the secret.
We went to the dance.
History develops through the replacement of the old by the new.
I recognised him immediately.
Miss Wang has a trace of obstinacy in her, but she is still a good student.
They refused to talk to me in spite of my earnest request.
He spoke with evident glee.
If there's an emergency, you must run out of the house through this exit.
The first electronic computers went into operation in 1945.
As everyone knows, air is a mixture of gases.
His thesis summed up the new achievements made in computers, artificial satellites and rockets.
God knows what their fate will be.
Just think of the difficulties!
Before the 15th century it was generally believed that the Earth was at the centre of the universe.
Another factor to be taken into consideration is that the present situation is favourable to us.
Ignorance is the mother of fear as well as of admiration.
It is clear that no one has anything new to suggest.
The washing-up machine at home was regarded as a rival to the worker at the kitchen sink.
Appearances are deceiving.
Mary senses the aliens are watching her.
I don't need anyone.
Our baby was born healthy.
Teachers in kindergarten are sometimes referred to as leaders of children.
They send their child to a part-time nursery.
She is a child-care worker in a kindergarten.
There is a kindergarten at the other end of the street.
The teacher of the kindergarten told the pupils to respect, and cherish each other.
Nowadays, some kindergartens are carrying out bilingual teaching, and so all the children can speak a little English.
The teachers are playing games with students in the kindergarten.
The little child drools whenever he hears of something delicious.
Many pictures are placed on Xiaoding's desk.
Renmei is waiting for Xueyou in the dorm.
Xueyou is looking at the new pictures Renmei took in Beijing.
Teacher Wang is drinking the Longjing tea (he) brought from China.
Xiaoding's father's name is written down on the envelope.
Two American students live in this dorm.
Xiaoding asked Teacher Lin while holding a picture: "Is this picture of you taken in the Beijing University Library?"
Kaikai is wearing blue clothes to go to the kindergarten.
Shihai is carrying a Chinese grammar book to go to Teacher Wang's place and ask questions.
Xiaoding and Xueyou are sitting there listening to Teacher Wang talk.
My schoolmate is holding a map of Beijing in his hand.
When Xueyou came to see Teacher Lin, it was raining outside.
Xueyou is holding a map of China.
How much does he spend per month?
Many people only speaks one language.
I like learning languages.
I'm not sure.
Who do you love?
Tom said nothing.
If you want to keep healthy, you should do more exercises.
If you want to keep healthy, you should do more exercises.
If you want to study Chinese well, you should communicate with Chinese people more often.
If you want to study Chinese well, you should communicate with Chinese people more often.
If you want to truly understand the language and culture of a country, you should go to study and live in that country for a period of time.
If you want to truly understand the language and culture of a country, you should go to study and live in that country for a period of time.
Guohua knows many foreign students, there are Japanese, Koreans, French, as well as Americans.
Be quiet, he might hear us.
I don't like winter.
When will that new school open?
You have to go to the hospital.
She's running from home.
He tried to sleep on the floor.
We have important issues to discuss.
My house doesn't have a roof.
Give the cat some meat.
She's hiding the truth from us.
Kate has become a full member of the royal family.
A senior royal told CNN that the Duchess of Cambridge has fulfilled all of her objectives one year after marrying Prince William and has become a "full member" of the British monarchy.
St James Palace represents her, William and his brother Harry, and now regards her "induction" as complete.
The source also said that the Duchess of Cambridge feels "fulfilled" by her achievements over the last twelve months.
Before Kate was married last year, some expressed concerns that as she was born a commoner, she would struggle with the pressure of being thrust into the public eye.
Her smooth entry into the ranks of the royal family will help to dispel these fears.
I take back everything I said.
The policeman didn't tow your car away.
Stand up.
It's in times like these that the character of a person becomes apparent.
Do you have a house in Italy?
Skin shouldn't be exposed to sunlight for too long.
But CNN has learned that, due to her husband's guidance, Kate feels she has already adapted to her new life.
"She would never judge her own accomplishments, but she has succeeded in achieving what she set out to do in her first year," the source said.
They are often together, and go to the opera or visit art galleries.
They get on well together.
In the documentary, CNN explores how the royal family has supported their latest member as she finds her feet.
The source made reference to Kate and the Queen being seen chatting and smiling together last March.
The Queen has gone to a lot of trouble for the Duchess.
When they were in Leicester it was obvious that they had a very warm relationship.
She has achieved her goals.
The aggressors are bound to be defeated.
They were given a hearty welcome.
Last year the region was visited by the worst drought in 60 years.
He was dismissed by the boss of the factory.
The famous hotel was practically destroyed by a large fire.
Most letters from his wife were read to him by the nurse in the hospital.
An old worker was found repairing machinery in the workshop.
He was considered very qualified for the job.
A new classroom building was built in our institute last year.
He was injured in the leg.
The result of the invention of the steam engine was that human power was replaced by mechanical power.
It is important that we build up our health.
It doesn’t matter whether he will stay with us or leave.
It goes without saying that he will come to the discussion.
It’s clear that we’re going to the church.
We expressed the hope that they could go abroad again to study geography.
Then arose the question of where we were to get the necessary machinery.
He was allowed to go swimming on condition that he be kept near the other boys.
It occurred to me that he might be in the library.
Can you produce any evidence that he was not at home that night?
The discovery that electric currents can be produced by magnetism is extremely important in the field of electricity.
He would remind people again that it was decided not only by him but by many others.
Smith replied that he was sorry.
Every nation, rich or poor, has its strengths and weaknesses.
People, old and young, all came out to greet the guests.
She likes all the dresses he bought for her, old and new.
We very much enjoyed the meal we had at her home last Sunday.
In the darkness, she could hear him and his guests chatting and laughing.
The city isn't the one I left six years ago.
It's changed so much, there are some places I don't even recognise.
Things are the same, but people have changed.
He's the only survivor in the village.
The man wearing glasses is an old Chinese author.
That's why I don't approve of your plan.
He was too embarrassed to utter a word in front of the crowd.
He is not too old to do it.
Chinese is not too difficult to learn.
The change is too small to be observed.
An increase in the number of cars will affect the urban environment.
Turn the volume up so that the students at the back can hear.
He crept out of the room very carefully to avoid waking her up.
She wrote down their name so as not to forget it.
She wrote down that person's name so as not to forget it.
He had long hair.
I am from China.
I don't go to school.
A few fragments of dead leaves floated on the pond.
What does she think about my car?
Why don't you want to tell us the truth?
That person doesn't want to do anything.
Where can I find them?
How much money do you have hidden under your bed?
I don't like my hair at all.
He's sitting at an empty table.
Everybody knows her.
Help me find an empty room for myself.
In winter I like to eat chocolate.
Tom abandoned them.
Everything matters.
It's hard, but I'm going to make it!
It's gravity that makes satellites move around the Earth.
The night was cold.
The snow lay on the ground, frozen into a thick, hard crust.
When pressure is lower, the boiling point is lower.
It's getting hotter and hotter.
She had scarcely finished speaking when he cut in.
It was a stormy day, and the snow was falling fast.
A goatherd drove his goats, all white with snow, into a deserted cave for shelter.
I'm not a poet; I couldn't write a single line to depict its beauty.
A square has four angles.
Milk is sold by the pint.
Beer is sold by the pint.
The first electronic computer was produced in our country in 1941.
I have received a letter from a friend.
I have received your letter and read it with delight.
This truck has a maximum load of 5 tons.
The piston does not come into contact with the cylinder cover.
The Pacific Ocean alone covers an area larger than that of all continents put together.
Our team is seeded in the ping-pong competition.
The China National Table Tennis Team had a month's closed training in winter.
They tried to use an iron bar to pry open the lock.
Opera in English is, in the main, just about as sensible as baseball in Italian.
He deserves six of the best for being so rude.
Whenever he moved, the wound sent pains all along his arm.
Take two aspirins for your headache.
The doctor has given her some tablets to take away the pain.
Boy Scouts need to do one good deed every day.
When facing this opportunity, you can't hesitate to take advantage of it.
People used to be afraid of the future. Today, it is the future that should be afraid of people.
The lovers reluctantly parted.
He lost control.
He ignored the existing laws.
I know a good lawyer who can help you.
Why don't you give her some flowers?
She gave us a washing machine.
She gives us a washing machine.
She meant this gift for you.
Don't let this information leak out.
Fruit that has been left for a long time will shrink.
It is very hot in the summer in Japan.
She likes to go to the library.
I don't like chocolate.
Sometimes things that happen do not make sense.
He's just as tall as the other boys in his class.
Please take that baggage to the post office.
One of my suitcases is large, and the other one is medium.
My gloves are size medium.
Get me one in size m please.
A large or medium-sized one?
You only need a medium size.
I believe the medium size will fit you better.
They've sold their house and car in preparation for leaving the country.
If you want to sell your old sofa, why not put an advertisement in the local paper?
Need they have sold the farm?
Your clothes are extremely beautiful.
Let's be frank in this question.
I don't know what I should be doing right now.
I will go to Australia by train.
The snail retreated into its shell.
Snails have been eating our lettuces.
I cannot overcome my repugnance to eating snails.
A snail's shell is spiral in form.
The snail drew in its feelers.
The snail draws in its feelers.
All lawyers are liars.
Ken is a good swimmer.
Farmers are very busy during the harvest.
Winter is the coldest season in a year.
Constantly blowing his nose in allergy season.
The paper was beginning to peel off the walls.
The cut is no longer weeping and is starting to heal.
They watched her gradually weaken as the disease progressed.
His hopes faded.
His visits became less frequent as time passed.
I don't know what we will do.
I bought the book for myself, not for my wife.
Accidents happen.
Is this seat free?
Excuse me but, would you mind if I opened the window?
If I had the money, I would immediately purchase this computer.
A fish bone has stuck in my throat.
I have a bowl of cereal every morning.
Every morning I eat a bowl of oatmeal.
Go and help wash up at the sink!
I like dragon fruit.
Stop bugging me!
Weigongcun subway station has three exits.
It's lucky that his parents are so equable.
It's fairly mild for this time of year.
They traveled together.
The storm sent the temperature down.
The thermometer fell to zero last night.
The temperature today is seventy degrees Fahrenheit.
There was a drop in temperature after the rain.
Even after sunset there was little moderation in the temperature.
A large quantity of air-conditioners has been sold since the temperature is high.
The temperature has stayed hot this week.
Chinese whispers is a game played around the world, in which one person whispers a message to another, which is passed through a line of people until the last player announces the message to the entire group.
This is true love.
Close the door and open the window!
Sure, why not?
I'll lend you the book as soon as I'm done reading it.
How dare you!
You're just comforting yourself with a fantasy!
When children play Go, they use a board with 5x5 or 7x7 lines.
What I want isn't tea, but coffee.
Stop saying trifles! Focus on the main point.
That's the spirit!
I want to ask him for his phone number.
I want to ask what his phone number is.
What he did really shows the right spirit!
Admittedly, it wasn't the best meal I've ever eaten.
Over the past ten years, people have become increasingly aware that they need to change their eating habits.
Modern healthy eating experts put emphasis on eating wholemeal bread and eating more vegetables.
Computers seem to play the role of the human brain, so they're often called "electric brains".
He survived an accident last year, but still drives recklessly.
She took Chinese medicine, which relieved her symptoms.
We know that a cat, whose eyes take in much more light than human eyes, can see clearly at night.
The jobless became desperate for work – any work that would help them to support their families.
My brother may have acute appendicitis, in which case he’d have to have an operation.
They spoke of their high exam grades with understandable pride.
Mary smiled, but her voice had some irritation in it.
His failure to observe traffic regulations resulted in a serious accident.
The journalist wanted to write an article that would draw public attention to the issue.
I tried in vain to deal with the problem.
Tom shot himself in the head.
There's no way to win.
If you want something to be done right, sometimes you've just got to do it yourself.
It was just a matter of time.
Life is like licking honey off a cactus.
They won.
Learn to walk before you run.
I'm getting old.
They all did it.
It is clear that the Americans can't even solve their own problems, so how can they possibly think themselves capable of dealing with the rest of the world's problems?
You have to put an adjective after "不够."
She wants to work in a hospital.
What about you?
What about you?
Tom helped Mary move the furniture.
It's very simple.
I have lots of things to do.
Stay sharp.
Welcome back.
What just happened?
Which one will he choose?
Keep trying.
I have done everything I was supposed to do.
I didn't do anything.
I hate soccer.
Look there.
Tom went swimming in the river, but when he got out, his clothes had been stolen.
He could not swim.
Why would she lie?
I love barbecue.
Pay what you want.
I didn't expect that result.
Run off now!
It's not us.
Quickly go find it
This is Doraemon.
I am Doraemon.
Quick, Help me!
You should know!
Completely coincidentally, these two are still being repaired.
By coincidence, these two are still being serviced.
Aah! Hang on a minute!
Yikes, wait a second!
You didn't need to explain.
There was no need to explain.
Keep going
Hang on a minute. There's quite a few black chess pieces over there.
Oh no, there are more straight ahead!
Woof, woof, woof!
Move forward at full speed!
You're picking on someone smaller than you again!
You're bullying someone smaller than you again!
So cute!
When in a bus, I always sit at the front.
The association counts thirty members.
Sometimes adults behave like children.
I feel bad for him.
Stop giving me such a venomous look.
The cellphone came with several applications already pre-installed.
Mother will be furious for sure!
Talking bad about mother again, eh?
It really is a headache.
How about this instead?
That idea's not bad.
How?
Ken already went to England.
I tried, but I did not succeed.
This boy often breaks our window with his ball.
This winter we experienced many rainstorms.
Taste buds are very useful.
What the hell are you looking at?
Eating meat is bad for the environment.
We sell orange juice.
There is no time for explanation.
He behaves as if he were insane.
For him, this is a serious enough matter.
I am still waiting to be told what happened.
Do you like juice?
I hope you have sweet dreams.
Give me back my money!
I hate cats.
Is there anyone who wants to keep the cute kitten?
I'm here
I'm coming
Yes, yes, of course.
This isn't Little Black is it?
Is this your family's cat?
Does this cat belong to you?
Sorry, I just wanted to drive you away.
I had a dream where a baby was playing with a knife.
Are you an Arab?
Sorry to let you wait for so long.
Where did you run to?
Let me have a look at these photos!
JingXiang is so cute.
Watch out, here it comes.
It will be able to edit the pictures you don't like, then print them out.
There’s work and there’s your life’s work.
Are you still a virgin?
Are you still a virgin?
He is like his father.
They cannot stop him.
Fingernails grow nearly four times faster than toenails.
She wants to work at the hospital.
I know what I'm doing.
It was a national scandal.
I have to stop procrastinating.
I think about it often.
You're not my friend anymore.
Antares is a red star.
Be a good child!
I would always go swimming in the sea when I was little.
They're in danger.
Tom frequently talks in his sleep.
Save the rainforest!
I'm new here.
What do you think of this place?
She threw off her shoes and socks in anger.
Do you like oysters?
It was one of the best nights I've had.
They played strip poker.
Give your passport number and your date of birth.
Take your time. There's no rush.
Please let me off at the next stop.
They want to get married.
That tradition has fallen into desuetude.
If you don't like it, then don't eat it.
She won't live much longer.
I want to write an article.
Hackers are adept at getting around computer security measures.
I'll eat almost anything, but I'm very fickle when it comes to cheese.
I refuse to be taken in by her guile.
Foxes eat hens.
You will be killed!
But that's not the last train, right?
When it comes to animals, this can't be considered as being something cruel.
He gave his cold to me.
There are 30 students in our class.
Have you still not finished paying for my bike?
Could you tell me?
Only peace can save the world.
There are a lot of books in our school's library.
I'll open the window a bit.
He eventually married an Italian woman ten years his junior.
I want to give mum a plant.
Tom is reading a book.
Tom is drinking juice.
Tom is swimming.
Tom is laughing.
I am learning Chinese.
I am praying.
Can it be that you don't have a bit of creativity, to the point of always inventing the same apology?
No, you misunderstood.
Oww, it hurts. I'll pay attention next time.
I know!
Found him, he is over there.
Found it, it's over there.
He is not angry anymore.
Tom is very talented.
Really refreshing!
The teacher has never made fun of the students' mistakes.
She is always trying new things.
I'm very grateful to you.
The dog is barking.
I can't bear to deal with her anymore.
Leave me a bit of ice cream.
Tom is clearing the garden.
Tom is consoling Mary.
Tom is stuttering.
Leave me a bit of ice cream.
Tom is standing in the garden.
They did the right thing.
Where's the cat?
Why did you tell this joke?
I am feeding my baby.
I am folding my dress.
I am stuttering.
They don't have to know.
What happened to you?
I've returned!
He's a meth addict.
Alright, let's settle on that one!
Only if you put up a different sign can you become a miscellany store.
Could be, could be.
I love to eat Sukiyaki most of all!
But the butcher is observing the holiday today, there's nothing we can do about it.
I'm going shopping!
Did you buy it?
Take a peek!
What can you really see?
Have you already come back?
After seeing the film, we are going to the café to get something to eat.
Lower your voices!
Only we know this secret.
This is a secret that only we know.
No worries! This is good enough!
Love is like oxygen.
I'm sorry about last night.
I'm still in school.
I didn't see him.
I have three dogs. One of them is male and the other two are female.
He has a lot of money, but he is not happy.
He interrupted our discussion.
I asked him where he parked his car.
Internet is very slow.
Translation is a scholarly discipline.
Translation is a kind of special skill.
You need to wake up quickly, your eyes still aren't open!
It is presently very difficult to calm down and treat oneself with a book.
Excessive choice results in the inability to choose.
The shards of thought were scattered on the ground.
How do we get out of here?
He's not sure he wants to do this.
Do you really need a car?
What are you going to use this car for?
Do you need a car?
Why do you have two cars?
We'll have to go back.
He likes sleeping.
I do not know whether to take it as a compliment or an insult.
I cannot calculate this. I am not an engineer.
I cannot fry these eggs. They are rotten.
This is not good at all.
Not every country belongs to the U.N.
Call security!
Is this legal?
He kept his promise.
My grandpa believes that the moon landing was a hoax.
They found out.
This is the first time I've ever lied to my father and I am ashamed of myself.
The red house is the house that Jack built.
I am plowing my land.
I am praying in my room.
I am pronouncing Chinese words.
I am reading short stories.
She knows that you know.
He's a successful businessman.
I'll call you as soon as I can.
My team is always losing.
My team is always losing.
I am the laziest person I know.
He's the laziest person I know.
He's the laziest person I know.
Steam is coming out of the engine.
It is said that truth always triumphs.
He's always busy.
I think the eggs that I just ate were rotten.
Do not play with the key.
I get it.
I want to learn how to play "Go".
The father is watering the flowers.
Father is watering the flowers.
Because he is wealthy, he can go there.
Shut up.
Close your mouth.
Where can I buy it?
There are some things that people like to avoid discussing.
You're reliable.
Tom is tall and strong.
Invite your friend for dinner.
Boys run fast.
Yesterday, an explosion occurred at the fireworks factory.
The problem is that the money is not of such importance as the time.
In China, software piracy is one of the most serious issues.
I believe that you are wrong.
I have numerous books on my bookshelf.
She may be proud of her daughter.
A huge monster is coming down the mountain.
A true scientist would not approach the question this way.
Which is your favorite song?
One hundred years is called a century.
One hundred years is called a century.
Seeing those tasks, I did not feel the burden.
She is not as patient as you.
What time do you start work?
Where are you planning to spend the night?
Because of his score of zero, he didn't dare to return.
Always work hard for tomorrow!
Yes, I understand!
What type of gas is it?
But no one wanted to hear it.
I went to play!
He's new in town.
My mother's going to kill me.
They're self-sufficient.
I want your peaceful appearance.
During that era, the fate of doctors was in the hands of people who did not understand medicine.
Tatoeba is a dictionary.
These glasses are cool.
The goods arrived undamaged.
Do you finally understand?
I want to find him first!
Everyone gathered together in the open space to meet.
For how many hours do I have to listen?
A person has morals like water is clear.
She's a blog addict.
Tom is no longer a lazy child.
That one!
How odd!
Very strange.
How strange!
I am eating up everything!
I eat up everything!
Everybody is protesting!
They add pictures to their album.
They assemble planes.
Who took me here?
They boil water for tea.
Fuck, we're old!
She borrows novels from Tom.
Tom didn't want to interrupt Mary while she was studying.
At first, I felt they were right to have fired me.
Many students like to study in the morning.
I should go to bed.
I love Spanish!
Thank you for baking this delicious cake.
Thank you for drawing a bird for me.
Have you ever broken your glasses?
Have you ever dedicated a song to the orphans?
Stop meddling.
Didn't you wash your face this morning?
You're right, I'm sorry.
Waaaa...
That student is beginning to look so scary.
Huh?
Now let us talk about serious matters!
It seems that Jeff knows who she is.
He has done it before.
Don't get me started.
He wants more.
She wants more.
Leave the book where it was.
Don't you know what that is?
I'm truly grateful!
Not in there.
Not here.
I don't have it.
I didn't.
I don't have any.
He doesn't drink coffee.
I used to eat like a pig.
The only solution is to escape.
I cannot make noise. The baby is sleeping.
Your cooking is delicious.
What practice?
I understand!
Call home!
Is it true that you built this house by yourself?
It is sometimes hard to choose between dreams and reality.
You are allowed to use the hotel's swimming pool.
I phone him every day.
It's been a while. How are you?
I will study English at home.
She missed the deadline.
She broke the world record.
Nobody asked.
He should have the right to decide for himself.
We have to go.
This wallet is made of paper.
This wallet is made of paper.
Here is my email address.
My email has changed.
The opening ceremony of the Olympics has already begun.
I missed the opening ceremony of the Olympics.
If I were you, I would not do it.
Stop reading.
This is not a tiger.
You're not dogs.
I can teach you how to bewitch men.
I can teach you how to swim.
My wallet has been stolen.
Tell her that I am in France.
Apart from English, he speaks German.
She hired a private investigator.
My parents don't know.
Tell her that I am cooking dinner.
Tell her that I am eating.
Tell her that I am sleeping.
Tell her that I am watching the news.
Tell her that I am driving.
Tell her that I am just joking with her.
I spend time on Facebook almost every day.
Don't let him hit you.
Don't let him play with your phone.
Don't let him run.
Don't let him bite you.
"Whose pants are these?" "They are Ken's."
Karima hasn't read the letter yet.
Why do you not answer?
Does love exist?
The classmates all like reading Japanese manga.
Time waits for no one.
Wait!
My children are twins.
I have to sell my house.
I have to win.
I have to introduce Mary to the manager.
I have to wake Tom up.
I have to lose weight.
Once upon a time there was a dwarf that lived in the forest.
If you like.
Join us.
Life is so complicated.
He had the right idea.
She has no real friends.
I already apologized.
It's really awesome.
Don't worry. She doesn't understand German.
I can't believe he did that.
Why don't you go to sleep?
I don't like the way he smiles.
Which one of the two brothers did you see?
A typhoon has also started to rise.
Chinese coastal cities are generally more developed than the inland ones.
I cannot understand my school mate's Cantonese.
What is your advice?
What's your advice?
It is better to teach someone how to fish than to give someone a fish.
It's better to teach someone how to fish than to give someone a fish.
This is a hammer. It's not mine; I borrowed it from a friend.
I beg you, give me a bottle!
When was the last time you talked to Mary?
When was the last time you fasted?
When was the last time you spent time on Facebook?
Let's go to the stadium, because today's match will not be televised.
What should be done?
Almost all the American TV series of the last few years were written by homosexuals.
It's not funny.
He was moved to tears when he heard the news.
You swim better than me.
You swim better than I do.
Yesterday night, I was almost bitten to death by the laboratory mosquitoes.
Sometimes Dennis is really crazy.
Go to your sister!
Learning physics can change your way of thinking.
What the hell are you talking about?
This just doesn't add up!
Hua Luogeng is a mathematician.
Chinese children are especially good at maths.
She has 1001 wishes.
He hates maths the most.
Please submit the homework.
Sorry, I forgot to bring the book I meant to return to you.
What I hate most of all is having to recite texts from memory.
There's no need to be polite with this kind of person.
Many Chinese people make good guests, especially those from rural areas.
This man is not reliable.
He knows how to brush his teeth.
He knows how to play poker.
He knows how to read Chinese.
My house is by the sea.
How far away is the train stopping?
When was the last time you cut the engine?
He knows how to cut the engine.
She does not have a ticket.
It's quite large.
I lost.
Are you sad?
He likes to smoke in the toilet.
I like classical music more than modern music.
Your opinion is very important to us.
It doesn't matter how others see you. What is important is to be sure to affirm your own self.
Where is the Russian embassy?
The school won't turn on the air conditioning, so the students are going to throw their hot water flasks off of the balcony in protest.
Obviously, we don't know if those thermos flasks are their own.
After a long day of looking at a computer, don't you feel tired?
I lost my meal card.
There is something that I want to tell you.
Why are you pushing all responsibilities to others?
All his sentences are short.
Mr. Wang learnt German because he wanted to work in Germany.
Mr. Wang learnt German because he wanted to go to Germany.
How're you doing?
Do you drink beer?
This is an egg.
There's someone trapped in the car.
I like to do my homework.
I refuse to answer your question.
You think it's a scary film.
She is crying, smiling and shouting; it's hard to watch.
This isn't good.
Do you enjoy feeling nostalgia?
You made me laugh.
Have you ever written a blog?
My notebook is pink.
I have never been to Germany.
Thanks for your advice.
She left an hour ago so she should've arrived by now.
Hey, that rhymes!
I lent Tom a book about Germany.
It rained today so he can't come anymore.
It's raining but never mind, I can still go.
I want to live in the city.
Is this your pencil?
This pencil is white.
Whose tea is this?
Tom works at home.
This book is quite difficult.
I'm a dog.
You were also too brave!
Go and see!
Get down here!
He is a slowcoach.
I'm currently a teacher at this school.
I have never travelled in an airplane.
Then what kind of life brings happiness?
Quit chattering.
You haven't even updated the firmware?
I am in Beijing right now.
Perhaps it's because the web is slow.
Every Jack has his Jill.
I don't believe that there are ghosts in the world.
I want to be a computer programmer.
I love life.
This dictionary is mine.
I love autumn.
Thank you for your attention.
You will never become a computer scientist.
Do you drink green tea?
This clock is mine.
He is armed to the teeth.
She drank straight from the bottle.
I am your father.
You've already had cake.
Did you buy juice?
It's a lot of fun to learn Esperanto.
Their job is to fry the potatoes.
I am fond of Australian food.
I'm Turkish.
Please reconsider.
I don't have a computer.
I have to go back to the office.
He stayed at a cheap hotel.
Don't try to pull a fast one on me!
Does your sister study there?
You need to reboot your computer.
You need to reboot your computer.
You need to reboot your computer.
I don't like myself.
Why are you arguing with the manager?
Why are you burning these pictures?
There are many lakes in the area where you live.
Mum speaks to me too quickly.
It's hard to find a suitable translation.
Uh...how does this work?
Why are you stuttering?
Stay down!
It's a good start.
He found her after five hours.
I need to take medications.
He put this box on the table-top.
He is now running the business for his father.
Can you translate this song for me?
Maintain rational thought.
This cannot be real.
Have you ever heard someone speaking Esperanto?
I think you're jealous.
It's all your fault.
He's your friend.
How do I use chopsticks?
I cry every time I watch this movie.
German is not as difficult as Icelandic.
Spanish is much easier than German.
In China, southern people eat rice as staple food; northern people eat wheaten food as staple food.
Armenian is an Indo-European language.
Another step forward revealed that the skull had received violent impact and disintegrated.
I can eat anything.
Some verbs in some languages can have up to one hundred different meanings.
My mother is quite angry.
Taninna studies in the library every day.
I can't see you.
Please think it over. The greatest value under these circumstances doesn't exist.
Almost nobody thinks we are sisters.
Almost nobody thinks we're sisters.
Although she has flaws, I still like her.
A lack of exercise is bad for your health.
Because I was afraid of hurting his feelings, I didn't tell him the complete truth.
Don't drop this cup.
That money changed his life.
Many people change themselves, but nobody has a way of changing the world.
Many people cannot understand the way hackers behave.
Many people are unable to comprehend the actions of hackers.
Pfirsichbaeumchen is from Germany.
Tell me; who is this young man?
I have a home.
I don't like to use Google Translator.
I am yours and you are mine.
I am hers and she is mine.
How did he find us?
Therefore, other people's ways of thinking might not be suited to you.
They have potatoes in France, but not in the Netherlands.
His nose looks like a potato.
I didn't add this sentence.
Are we acquaintances?
The pain is unbearable.
Tom took Friday off.
Treat him well.
I want your love.
You are welcome to join us.
He especially loves to tell jokes.
Nobody can guess her age.
People who play with mud will get their hands dirty.
That boy threw a chunk of stone.
That boy threw a lump of rock.
I can verify that that's the truth myself.
Starting from today, I am going to learn a little Japanese.
I don't like to use Google's auto-translation, but I do use it for comparison.
You are adding new names to the list, aren't you?
My cats will love this.
I miss them.
Yesterday, the weather was very nice.
Nobody wants to visit my country.
My brother used to live in New York.
I will write a book about that.
Yana studies astrophysics in Yekaterinburg.
I still prefer to write letters by hand.
Do you want something to eat?
We must do something.
I prefer not to talk about it.
You worry about your weight too much.
I don't like kids.
Speak!
Speak!
Albania wants to join the European Union.
We're waiting for the right time.
The village has no electricity.
This is the real world.
You are so stupid.
The food is ready.
I was the second to last person to hear the bad news.
When I was in college, I could forget to bring my music player or my camera and still be ok. These days, if I forget my smartphone, I'm screwed!
I like your room.
I like your city.
Do you feel lucky?
That's a stupid question!
Can we save the planet?
I'm not living with him anymore.
You're in big trouble.
It looks good.
Are you a Filipino?
Don't grow up. It's a trap!
Do you think he still wants to marry me?
Why doesn't he tell me jokes anymore?
I want to change the world.
Keep reading.
Morocco is called "Al-Maghrib" in Arabic.
Australia is the largest country in Oceania.
Peru is the third largest country in South America after Brazil and Argentina.
This makes me smile to death!
This is very funny!
This makes me laugh to death!
He's not a hero.
She doesn't have enough experience.
He didn't want to go to Japan.
My brother has lived in England for more than thirty years.
He bought this truck from Poland.
He publishes books in Italy.
How much do you love me?
Everything has two sides: the good side and the bad side. Unfortunately, we usually see only one of them.
I like hares.
This is not a spider, it's a monster!
It can be dangerous.
They want more.
It belongs to me now.
How many oranges did Tom eat?
How many teachers of Spanish are there at this high school?
How many friends do you have on Facebook?
The thing that left the biggest impression from China, is the Chinese food.
How many planets are there in the solar system?
How many jobs can you do at once?
His daughters want to be lawyers.
I want to forget her.
I prefer to forget the past.
What country has the absolute advantage in the production of corn?
It is very impolite of her to decline our invitation.
You forgot to turn off the light.
We couldn't keep from crying.
Without you, I'm nothing.
He can do it better than me.
In spring, the days become longer.
As long as you finish eating your food, then you can play with your friends.
Inside my backpack there are many colored pens, red ones, blue ones, green ones, etc.
I did what I promised to do for them.
It was easy for him to find a job.
I am proud of my father.
Does your school have a library?
You know who I am.
He knows who they are.
We know who they are.
Fire!
Good idea!
The investor stole the capital of his client.
Tom doesn't eat meat and neither does Mary.
Tom has never eaten raw horse meat.
Would you like something to eat?
What did you eat?
What did you eat for lunch?
We ate way too much last night.
I often eat chicken.
Horses eat grass.
I'm working right now.
Tom couldn't swim.
She's in the kitchen.
The purpose of antitrust law is to stop the abusive influence of the market by big companies.
I cannot write traditional characters, but I am fine reading them.
Assets have earning power or some other value to their owner.
What did Christopher Columbus discover?
I'd be delighted if you could come with us.
Balance of payments is total of all the money coming into a country from abroad less all of the money going out of the country during the same period.
Frankly speaking, he's wrong.
It is easy to write love letters in Esperanto.
In IT companies, people who are good at maths are well respected.
Tom sent me an interesting text.
Lie still.
Are you finished?
How are you feeling?
Hurry up or you'll be late.
I don't believe that.
I hope Tom appreciates it.
I need more money.
I was just about to leave.
There's no rush.
What are you guys drinking?
What did you find?
What would you like?
Who are you going with?
The Quran was translated into many languages.
Where was the princess?
Hurry home.
Pace yourself.
Read this now.
Release him.
Step inside.
Wait here.
Why don't you ever cook?
What's the matter with you?
What'd I do?
What'd I do?
What do you call this?
What are you watching?
We'll talk about this later.
We succeeded.
See you later.
I'll prove it to you.
I don't want to go.
I believed you.
Everyone in the room checked their watches at the same time.
Do you want me to leave?
I'll never tell anyone where I've hidden the treasure.
I didn't tell anyone what time I'd be arriving.
Tom has a dog named Cookie.
Give me your phone.
Get out of my house.
Ask him his name.
The teacher is teaching.
Underage drinking is a crime.
Don't tell my boyfriend.
Tom refused to help Mary do her homework.
Save yourself.
Don't touch me.
Why should I go to school?
Where is the cat?
Don't try to stop me.
You are on the wrong plane.
I love my daughter.
I think that this is all quite absurd.
I need a new car.
He still loves her.
He's doing his best.
I'd like to teach you Chinese in exchange for your teaching me another language.
Trick or treat.
"Will you be at my party tomorrow night?" "I'll try to be there."
"We haven't seen each other since 2009." "Has it been that long?"
"Tom stole my wallet." "Are you sure about that?"
"Tom isn't here." "Then where is he?"
"Tom and Mary have broken up." "That's ancient history."
I've memorized the model number of the charger.
How many batteries do you have right now?
Don't worry. I'll protect you.
Don't waste your time.
Don't respond to that.
Don't make stupid jokes.
Don't look at Tom. Look at me.
Don't be so lazy.
Don't be silly. I can't do it.
Tell me again where you live.
Let me stop you right there. We don't want to hear about that.
Keep your voice down.
China is an advocate for the Diaoyu Island's sovereignty.
When do you need it?
I didn't give it to him.
He lets his workers eat meals in the office.
She's wearing tights.
Don't be nervous.
How horrible!
I need to go to the bathroom.
She had two accidents within a year.
Get a grip on yourself!
She wants to live in the city.
The Chinese government released on 25th "Diaoyu Islands are China's inherent territory "White Paper.
The bread is not fresh.
There's no need to go to school today.
I think you should open an account here.
Do you want some milk?
I would like to help you.
I don't like these sweets.
You didn't say anything.
You said nothing.
You didn't say a word.
I just want a clear answer.
I like your family.
Tom wanted to see Mary.
Tom typed in the password.
Tom took out his wallet and paid the bill.
Tom sits at his computer eight hours a day.
Tom should hear about this.
Tom likes it hot.
Tom is on his way here.
Tom is in the shower.
Tom is in the other room drinking vodka.
Tom is in the hospital.
Tom is in the attic.
Tom is asleep on the couch.
Tom couldn't help but smile.
Ignore Tom.
Anybody knows who Florence is?
She has a very open personality.
Wood floats.
I like using these goods; they are very suitable for me.
We're just friends.
What do tigers eat?
Before I leave, I would like to see you.
Mary has many friends.
Call Tom and Mary this evening.
I am bored.
Don't worry!
Don't worry!
Don't worry!
I can take care of myself.
Will this stuff jeopardize my health?
Tom is buying some flowers for Mary.
Tom bought some flowers for Mary.
Where are you? I am in the garden.
No hobby is as cheap as reading, nor provides such long lasting enjoyment.
Don't tell me you didn't know.
The life span of a butterfly is short.
Tom followed Mary into the room.
I really am sorry.
He was mad because he was not invited.
I would have liked to come with you, but I didn't have time.
Tom apologized for falling asleep in class.
I have no idea of what's going on in there.
Tom is very good at doing things with his hands.
Tom says he's not feeling any better.
Tom took Mary to the hospital on the back of his motorcycle.
Everyone, say cheese.
Stay and have a drink with us.
Have a good weekend.
Have a nice trip.
She probably can get along well with her mother-in-law.
It's not that I don't like your English, but for me it's important to use every opportunity to practise Russian.
Happy Moon Festival!
Mom likes to eat fish-head.
You must be joking.
You've got to be joking.
You've got to be joking!
Mid-Autumn Day is a traditional holiday in China.
On Mid-Autumn Day, families gather, eat moon cake together, and watch the moon.
I'm making a last minute effort.
Marc regrets his mistake.
That's not my wife.
I think you're lying.
Would you like to listen?
When does the game start?
Teachers also make mistakes.
It's human nature.
Tom is my brother.
Tom is my brother.
Our company and its affiliates may share your personal information with each other.
Where did you shake hands with them?
Tom told Mary something she didn't want to hear.
Tom has no idea what to do with all the junk in his garage.
Tom got in the car and started the engine.
My parents live a carefree life in the countryside.
I don't understand its significance.
I like drawing.
Please wash it.
I hear you wanted to see me?
How're you feeling?
How many worms did you find?
How far away is your school?
How did you get in here?
Do you promise?
Do you promise?
Do we know you?
Do all of you speak French?
Can you stay for a while?
Are you still at home?
Are you still at home?
Are you following me?
Are you crying?
Why do you hate me?
Why are you home?
Who's that man?
Who took the money?
Where's your dog?
Where was this picture taken?
Where did you guys go?
Where did it come from?
What's wrong with that?
What's it like being Tom's girlfriend?
What do you know?
What do you know about the CIA?
What did you find out?
What are you writing?
What are you writing?
Is Tom in a lot of trouble?
Is there anything I can do?
Is that our problem?
Is that better?
Do you go to church?
I didn't know who was going to meet me at the airport.
I do feel pretty good.
I don't even know if Tom went to college or not.
I don't know what I'm doing.
I had a vision.
I had a vision.
I have another question.
I have so many ideas.
I hope we find Tom.
I just couldn't say no.
I know all that.
I know all that.
I know what you're doing.
I know you don't want to talk to me.
I know you're upset.
I made a few changes.
I need a lawyer.
I need my coat.
I need to jump start my car.
I need you here.
I really want to see you.
I talked to Tom last night.
I talked to Tom.
I think we should be able to go wherever we want to.
I think you're ready.
I thought I told you that you should get to the concert early.
I won't get everything I asked for.
I wish I had more time.
There are no taxis, so I must walk.
This wine has a fruitier taste than the one we tasted before.
Can you hurry up a bit?
There are people speaking Mandarin.
I am coming on Saturday.
It has started raining again.
It's started raining again.
I am not in a situation to discuss this problem.
He is only a poet.
Caution! Wet Paint
This doesn't concern you.
Please don't interrupt me.
Danger! High voltage.
We traveled through the whole land.
He's not breaking the law.
I'll dream about you.
I'll still have a scar from that accident.
I'm a social worker.
I'm here to help you.
I'm listening.
I'm not a beggar.
I'm not so sure Tom is wrong.
I'm ready.
I think I mistakenly deleted that file.
Please continue with your story.
We'll talk later.
We work together.
We were worried.
We understand.
We should run some tests.
We need to protect Tom.
We need to leave.
We need to go.
We need to get going.
We need a car.
We met in a coffee shop near the campus.
We met in 2008. A year later, we got married.
We lost our cat and Tom found it for us.
We live together.
We know what we're doing.
We know that Tom has been shot. That's all we know.
We just want to find Tom.
We just need a plan.
We just moved in.
We just have to make sure Tom is planning to be here.
We had no secrets.
We don't have any secrets.
We all have secrets.
"I hope we'll be home for Christmas", said the soldier.
Stand back!
Everyone noticed.
Hang on!
It's not mine.
It's a weapon.
It's a little scary.
I have more skirts than my big sister.
You're drunk.
You shouldn't have come alone.
You have to hurry.
You have plenty of time.
You guys have to hurry.
That wasn't funny.
That's not Tom's fault.
That's perfect.
That's what I want.
What Tom really wanted was enough money to buy Mary some flowers.
This one's yours.
This isn't for you.
This is the best.
This is my wife.
This is a good place to pitch a tent.
They're armed.
They won't tell us anything.
The room is empty.
Perhaps you're right.
Nobody tried to help Tom.
My car cost more than yours did.
Mary hugged her doll.
Mary has three kids now.
Mary came on her own.
Look what happened.
Listen to this.
Like it or not, we have to attend that meeting.
How interesting!
Everything's ready.
Do you really want me to go there right now?
Anniversaries are important.
We'll talk about it tomorrow.
You have a big nose.
The photos are taken by a pro, so they'll turn out well.
He pressured me.
Do you trust him?
He is unable to complete it.
He couldn't wait to try out his new surfboard.
It's cold this morning.
Coffee, please.
The boy is playing with his toy soldiers.
Stop yelling!
I don't want to hear another word about it!
Go to your room!
Have you told her mother?
Have you told his mother?
I never want to see her again.
He studied hard.
I applied my heart to know wisdom, and to know madness and folly. I perceived that this also was a chasing after wind. For in much wisdom is much grief; and he who increases knowledge increases sorrow.
I've noticed that having fun doesn't interfere at all with your studies. I just can't.
None of this makes any sense.
You're not my type.
Can I sleep here?
Don't leave me alone!
What's the last thing you remember?
How beautiful!
How curious!
How lovely!
Keep it.
Listen.
Take it.
What a lot of pens!
Nothing could stop him.
Try some.
Call us.
Be nice.
Be kind.
Be fair.
Be calm.
Does your friend speak Esperanto?
The sky is clear and full of stars.
It's a matter of life and death.
She works as a massage therapist.
What do you want me to do, Tom?
A DNA test showed he was innocent.
We laughed.
He ate some sand.
I'm old.
This is an instructive book.
Will you be here tomorrow?
I don't like drinking beer that much.
The book is full of far-flung theories without any basis in scientific fact.
This room is not big.
Spring makes us full of hope about the future.
When should I start?
Well, Bill, I am pleased to see you here.
Who is able to explain this to me?
What time is your plane?
He came to pick me up.
I think she's interested in you.
Stand aside.
You look very good.
I'd like to talk about your situation.
I'd like to leave a message for Tom.
I'd like to go with Tom.
I'd like to go to the mall.
I'd like to get some sleep.
I'd like to come with you.
I'd like to ask you a few more questions.
Please sing.
You are a very happy person.
No one listens anymore.
No one goes there anymore.
No one comes to visit me anymore.
I thought Tom would sleep until noon.
I thought Tom would never shut up.
I thought Tom would enjoy the party.
I thought you'd be full after eating that big steak.
I thought Tom had heard us.
I thought we had found the perfect hiding place, but the police found us.
Stop! You're tickling me!
Stop staring.
Stop contributing to Tatoeba. You're addicted.
I'm not your son.
I'm not your daughter.
I'm not your father.
I'm not your mother.
I'm not your mother.
I'm not your mother.
Do you want to come in?
That's a hotel.
It is the dogged who wins.
The number of people on Facebook is greater than the population of the United States.
Tom can't account for his whereabouts on the day that Mary was murdered.
We can't afford to make mistakes.
I can't believe that.
I can't believe Tom is getting married.
I can't believe Tom is really planning to do this.
I can't believe Tom just did that.
I can't believe you're giving up.
Excuse me, do you speak English?
Excuse me. Can you speak English?
A day full of sunshine and a heart full of wishes...
I can't blame Tom for not waiting.
I can't change what happened yesterday.
I can't deal with this problem anymore.
I can't even remember what Tom looks like.
I can't explain it now.
Tom can't find Mary.
Tom can't go home until after 2:30.
I can't go.
They can't hear me either.
We can't just fire Tom.
We can't keep this a secret forever.
Skip it.
I knew it!
Tomorrow I'm going to Shanghai.
I'm going to buy some things with you.
Things are not clearly defined.
Ask Tom.
Be still.
Cuff him.
Drive on.
Humor me.
Leave me.
This radio is no bigger than a matchbox.
I can't let you give me your last ten dollars.
I can't locate the source of the problem.
I can't make an exception.
I can't predict what'll happen.
You can't put toothpaste back in the tube.
I can't recall the last time we met.
Tom can't remember anything.
I can't remember who I gave it to.
They can't see me.
We can't talk here.
I can't tell you how much I'll miss Tom.
I can't think of anything to say.
Tom can't tie a tie.
I can't understand how Tom could know.
I can't wait forever.
I can't walk.
I only do what I'm paid to do.
I only want one.
I only wanted to do some good.
I don't really like Xiaomi and i think that Xiaomi's are for losers. They're like a knock off phone.
I'll go to the library with you tomorrow.
Are you looking for work?
Are you looking for work?
Do you have siblings?
I missed my chance.
I've lost my pen.
Let go of him!
The colour is a bit too dark.
I thought I could be of some help.
I thought I had all the answers.
I thought I was doing it your way.
I thought I was dreaming.
I thought Tom and Mary were crazy.
I thought Tom had a soccer game tonight.
I thought Tom was going to hurt me.
I thought Tom was lying, too.
I thought Tom would want to know about that.
I thought you said you didn't see anything.
I thought you wanted to wait.
I thought your parents liked me.
I still believe in love.
Mike is the team's captain.
How far is the garden from your house?
I'm the captain of this ship.
Tom said he read a book about this ship.
Where is my newspaper?
Baseless speculations.
Don't let this information leak out.
Which book is yours, this one or that one?
We should take into account she is still young.
I am going to enquire at the service desk if there are any restaurants around here.
I really just want to make friends.
I'll try again.
Would you like to take a stroll around the park with me?
You are really very productive today.
I have already completed 4 out of 6 tasks on my to-do list today.
"More coffee?" "No, thanks."
He told me that she will not tell him what happened to me on the day he saw me talking about the story about the girl who got killed.
I didn't sleep well last night so I have little energy today.
The Taiwanese dollar appreciated, causing Taiwanese exports to slump.
The Taiwanese dollar appreciated, causing Taiwanese exports to slump.
It started again!
I used to have a friend named Tom.
I'm still your friend.
I envy the friendship Tom and Mary have.
I'm going to stop trying to be friendly with you.
My mother and I are completely different.
That is useless to me.
That car belongs in a museum.
Come back.
Feel this.
Follow us.
Get Tom.
Grab that.
Grab this.
Grab Tom.
Hold fire.
Hold this.
You put your hat on backwards.
My brother and I are doing Russian homework.
Stop shooting.
Tom wears a hat every day.
Did Tom actually say that?
It's actually not that difficult.
This document was actually written by Tom.
There's a movie theatre on the east side of the plaza, about ten minutes walk from here.
He likes re-watching the old videotapes.
She slept in the car.
Is your skull broken?
The company manager decided on the work plan.
She wasn't there last month.
Are you American?
The testing method in Australia is not meant to be difficult for the people sitting them.
Local people can give appropriate advice.
I'm closing the door.
I'm your sister.
Leave immediately!
The golf course is completely deserted, there is not a single person!
The cat is waiting for you at home.
Are you Julius?
Thanks for accepting my friend request on Facebook.
It's a basic human right.
I love the Norwegian language!
In the hands of a skilled designer, any two colors can go well together.
Good, right, yes.
She and I are brother and sister.
She and I are brother and sister.
It's confidential.
Rather than cutting down on cigarettes, why don't you just give them up?
My family is still working, so they can't go to Texas right away.
Is it OK if we don't go to Costco this time?
I hate people who make small talk in quiet public places.
She's a patient woman.
You said you were in trouble. How can I help?
Today is one of my friends' birthday.
You shouldn't have done that.
You have no right to do that.
I didn't finish my homework today, either.
Do you have any idea who would do this?
He's very honest, so we can rely on him.
The glass is dirty.
Don't forget us.
Too bad I didn't wait for your response before I added the sentences.
Suddenly, I heard shouting.
I never saw him cry.
Tom quit.
Tom smiled.
Tom waved.
Tom yawned.
Who died?
Tom died.
Who won?
I won!
I've never gone fishing at night.
All I want to do is go fishing.
They kissed.
He spoke with a Taiwanese accent mixed in.
You can believe him, he's not an untrustworthy person.
I finally feel appreciated.
On what grounds are you arresting me?
You don't have to answer right away.
You're quite forgetful.
Let's just pray it never happens again.
Let's just enjoy this peace and quiet.
Let's talk about this tomorrow.
Let's hope you don't need it.
Let's have dinner together.
Let's not discuss it.
Let's be realistic.
Let's get to work.
Let's try it out.
Let's not argue.
Let's just eat.
Let's start.
Let's walk.
Tom was hiding something.
We want Tom.
I want to die.
We want candy.
We want to know.
I want Tom to win.
Tom wants to talk.
I didn't want this.
We want to go home.
We want to hear it.
Do you want to know?
I want a girlfriend.
I want the other one.
I wanted to stop Tom.
Tom wanted to see me.
What do you want to know?
I want to keep moving.
I want you to grow up.
Who would want to kill me?
Do you want to hear it?
Who would want to hire Tom?
Do you want to go there?
I don't want to go home.
I don't want Tom to die.
I want to see you first.
I don't want to wait.
Do you want some company?
I don't want to lose you.
I want Tom put in prison.
Tom wants to sleep on it.
We want you to marry Tom.
I want you out of my room.
I want you to be prepared.
I want you to wait for me.
Tom doesn't want our help.
Tom wanted to say goodbye.
I didn't want to come here.
I don't want to play cards.
Is this something you want?
Do you want this job or not?
I want us to do it together.
What is it you want to know?
How do you want this handled?
I don't want to talk anymore.
You know what I want to hear.
Do you want to get some lunch?
I just don't want to lose you.
What don't you want us to see?
Do you want to know what I see?
Do you want to know why I quit?
I don't want to lose you again.
I just don't want to marry Tom.
I just don't want to marry you.
I don't want to take the chance.
What else do you want me to say?
All I want now is a little sleep.
Do you really want Tom to suffer?
I don't want to talk to you, Tom.
I want to spend my life with Mary.
Do you still want to give me a hug?
Tom, I want you to handle this one.
A vector is a unit vector if its norm is 1.
I don't want to hear about it again.
I want my dinner brought to my room.
I'd like you to come back next week.
What I want is some peace and quiet.
I don't want to live my life in fear.
I'm not sure what I was thinking.
You need to be more patient.
He wants to marry my daughter.
Is he still interested?
I owe her one.
It's because I love her.
Is this fake?
He rolled his eyes.
It caught me by surprise.
It caught me by surprise.
We should all help provide starving people with food.
We should all help provide starving people with food.
Tom, would you please give these starving people something to eat?
He will survive.
I live in Malta.
Come on. I want to show you something.
Do you want to know why I lied to Tom?
I don't want to buy a newspaper today.
You might want to discuss it with Tom.
All I really want to do is talk to Tom.
I don't want to cause any more trouble.
Tom wanted everyone to think he'd died.
I want you to not go to Boston with Tom.
I think you're going to want to sit down.
Because I left early this morning, I couldn't use my computer, so I used my phone to send messages.
She has a beautiful doll.
I'm the tallest in our class.
Every step in the experiment was deliberate.
I am very talented at maths.
I don't want to go to Tom's birthday party.
I want everyone to help me clean the house.
I want to ask you some questions about Tom.
I haven't decided whether to study at university or to get a job.
His words broke her heart.
It's so late; we should go to sleep.
Do as I say.
Stop whining.
She deserves more.
They ruined my life.
The cat is not dead.
Guandong summers are long.
Are you sure you want to do this by yourself?
I want you to help us find out who killed Tom.
Silk is very precious.
I want to make sure nothing will happen to Tom.
We want to be on the first bus tomorrow morning.
I don't like silence.
Put the radio on, please.
I want you to sleep on it.
I want you to take a break.
Tom, I want to talk to Mary.
Why do you want to kill me?
Why do you want to kill me?
I want to be as tall as Tom.
I want to know why I'm here.
Nobody wants you to do that.
Tom wants to tell you about Mary.
I don't want to hear your theories.
I don't want everyone to think I'm stupid.
Tom wants a computer small enough to easily carry.
Are you saying you don't want to go to Tom's party?
I don't even want to think about what could happen.
Is there anything you want to add to what I just said?
There are holes in the ceiling.
I've had a scratchy throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
My way of looking at things is not at all similar to other people; for a long time, people have criticized my point of view.
I think it is my enemy.
I believe you're honest.
We are poor, but we are happy.
A triangle has 3 corners, and a hexagon has 6 corners.
I'm going to have a shower.
I told her what should be done.
The more public the work, the more criticism you receive.
He's absent-minded.
Let's drink coffee while we talk.
Don't you want to know why?
Despite a lot of difficulties, he still completed the task.
From the time he got up, his beliefs began to sway.
You are too indifferent to those around you.
If I were you, I'd want to know what Tom is doing right now.
I sometimes just don't want to get out of bed in the morning.
Now's the time to decide whether you really want to get married or not.
French is my mother tongue.
I would like to go to sleep now.
Be happy for me.
I should be happy.
Tom was never happy.
You don't seem happy.
You don't look so happy.
You and Tom must be happy.
That should make you happy.
I've never seen you so happy.
I'm perfectly happy being alone.
I guess they really weren't so happy.
You won't be happy no matter what I do.
Eating lunch with you would make me happy.
Follow your dreams.
Tom has a beautiful car.
You have beautiful eyes.
You're really beautiful.
You're a beautiful woman.
The moonlight is beautiful.
Those flowers are beautiful.
You're a beautiful young woman.
You're a beautiful young woman.
You said Mary was beautiful, but I didn't think she would be this beautiful.
I'm pretty busy.
I'm really busy.
My boss is keeping me pretty busy.
Tom will be busy at this time tomorrow.
The contract was signed.
Be careful with it.
I've been careful my whole life.
They monopolized the supply market and drastically raised prices.
You can help me make some rules for everyone to follow.
When you go to play at a friends house you need to be well behaved and obedient.
Are you underage?
Are you underage?
What does this key unlock?
I'm just playing the devil's advocate.
I missed the train by a hair's breadth.
On the weekend, I climbed the mountain.
This is pure hypocrisy!
This story was written by my friend.
The flow of the water was strong enough to wash away the bridge.
The natural landscape is characterised by its large amount of mountains, and it looks as truly beautiful as a painting.
I have a bit of bad news.
Grab the thief!
Do you study at a private school?
Do you go to a private school?
There's no need to hail a taxi.
I understand everything you said.
That female student is American.
Found anything interesting?
Do you need help?
Please translate this text from Japanese to French.
Our company is a limited-liability company.
Please give me a round-trip ticket to Chicago.
How you can abide him?
I cannot abide to see such cruelty.
He had lost all faith in his ability to succeed.
I am in Rome now.
Sorry, I'm late.
If you're happy, I'm happy.
I want to go to the movies today.
Be diligent, don't worry or be annoyed.
This baby is really cute!
Totoro says: "I can't speak Chinese."
She wrote 5 novels in 5 years.
Why blame Tom?
Do you know how to dance?
This word comes from Latin.
My father will kill me.
My New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the ocarina.
Tom and Mary could learn a lot from each other.
Your death was not in vain.
There is a pen.
Where is a pen?
Did you buy flowers?
Did you buy some flowers?
Oranges are not vegetables.
There is someone looking for you.
I don't like that picture.
There's something we need to talk about.
Waiter, the bill please.
Tom is all fingers and thumbs.
This is none of your business.
Who is Emily?
Does the lady speak Turkish?
You owe me something.
Is it something I said?
I know I heard something.
Maybe they have something.
Has something good happened?
I have to ask you something.
I got something nice for you.
We have to do something, Tom.
I did something really stupid.
What if something gets broken?
There's something I have to say.
We were talking about something at that time, but I don't remember what.
No one of us is immortal.
Many attended his funeral.
The clouds are large, and the raindrops are small.
Don't be too shy.
I need a coat.
He doesn't listen to music.
I'm crazy.
I'm not crazy.
I'm a cat.
Some things are better left undone.
Tom decided to stay with Mary.
When will it be ready?
The workflow is illustrated in the following chart.
Daddy, i love you!
This is not okay.
Don't let her drive your car.
She can't drive.
This is not safe.
How many people are in your family?
I think he's innocent.
He isn't hungry.
She should have kept her mouth shut.
I went swimming in the river.
I like taking walks in nature.
Her behaviour is very vulgar.
Look at the sky.
He is just that kind of person, don't mind him.
Who?
He's afraid of snakes.
He has been to Hawaii several times.
They talk as though they were old friends.
He's afraid of snakes.
We'll take part in the marathon.
Paper is very easy to set on fire.
Life is like a game of chess.
Did Dorenda really come back?!
You don't want to be an editor?
No one will talk.
We have seen no one.
We haven't seen anyone.
No one here will betray you.
Tom looked around, but saw no one.
Is this tooth sensitive to cold food?
The conversation turned to politics.
Someone among them wants to hug you.
I couldn't enter because the door was closed.
This is a really kind wish.
We didn't see anybody.
We don't need anyone else.
I didn't see anyone.
Is anybody in there?
I don't need anybody.
Is there anyone here?
Are you dating anybody?
You're very smart.
I know everybody here.
Is everybody ready?
Everyone is waiting for Tom.
Everyone is waiting in the other room.
Everyone knows that.
Everybody needs to calm down.
Everybody saw it.
I hired someone today.
I'd like to get married to someone like you.
Somebody just called.
Someone stole Tom's guitar.
We finally decided to hand him over to the police.
She is always afraid of being a klutz when going to parties.
Tom doesn't like chess.
I'm looking for my keys. Have you seen them?
She has a big butt.
We're adults.
He was sick of eating candy.
Tom's diabetic.
Tom's fearless.
Tom's laughing.
Tom's thrilled.
Tom's wrong.
We overslept.
Thank you for everything.
His ideas don't deserve to be heard.
When does the game begin?
I like to eat lamb kebabs.
Listening to the personal analysis about global economy made by people who watch only CCAV has always been kinda funny.
What is the basis of your assumptions?
Reactionary groups were overthrown by the people.
For the first time in her life Yuka finished reading an English book.
They're watching.
They're fake.
They refused.
They hugged.
They agree.
Start over.
Let's review.
Keep working.
Keep looking.
I've decided.
I'm thrilled.
I'm single.
I'm bleeding.
I see.
Everybody laughs.
Don't move!
Be friendly.
He confused us.
I don't have a cellphone anymore.
It will be far better if there were some pretty girls.
She finally made it.
How come?
I'm buying a new car.
I'm learning Chinese.
This is his plane.
How come this fucking apartment has no double-glazing? I'm freezing.
He plays golf every weekend.
He never said that.
We bought a comfortable new armchair.
Multinational corporations outperform traditional corporations operating in just one country.
I don't understand the meaning of this phrase.
You've won!
You've won!
You've won!
Tom'll wait.
Tom'll go.
That's okay.
That's good.
We don't get many visitors here.
There is a trace on the table.
Grabbing onto his head, he said: "What is that?"
Am I allowed to use this?
I was impressed with her work.
I'm lazy about my hair, so I tend to look like a slob.
This isn't a sentence in Chinese!
I thought she was going to kill me.
Are you going to the gym today?
I need an apple.
I require an apple.
I need one apple.
Don't you agree?
Don't you agree?
Your room is big.
Your room is very big.
Would you like to eat lunch with me?
I get tongue-tied in front of you.
There's nothing more important than friendship.
Nothing is more important than friendship.
His face reddened with shame.
You've fallen in love with me?
Let's not beat around the bush here! I'm pregnant, and you're the kid's father.
Let's not beat around the bush! I'm pregnant, and you're the baby's father.
Switzerland is a very beautiful country that is worth a visit.
He fell to the floor.
There's a huge number of people there.
Is there anyone else who can answer?
He came 30 minutes late.
That girl smiled and waved to me.
Don't mistreat small animals!
Be careful. He's not an easy one to swindle.
Be on your guard. He's not an easy one to fool.
It's been a while since I've had a real vacation.
The difference between Earth and the other planets is that Earth has water.
I don't feel like I can trust what he says.
His success is due more to his persistent hard work than to his talent.
She's used to going to the museum on Sundays.
This boy is riding a horse for the first time.
Her husband is currently living in Tokyo.
Do you even know how to smell the flowers?
Wouldn't it be better if we went and got a coffee?
I live in Kazakhstan.
There is no such thing as a thornless rose.
That's why I told you that you shouldn't go alone.
Thus I tell you don't just go alone.
You're certain that you've never met her before?
This still applies to him.
Please tell me where I should change trains.
That's a no-entry zone.
That area's off-limits.
I've spent an entire hour waiting for my friend.
It looks like you're thinking about something else.
I think we'd better sing that English song!
He asked me if I was happy or not.
We can't let Tom in on this.
Now that's right.
And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
There isn't a place in this market that isn't lively.
My wife buys vegetables from a supermarket nearby.
His request is as follows.
Beware of thieves.
Tom reached for a dictionary that was on the very top of the shelf.
Ten minutes later, our car ran out of gas.
My father died of a subarachnoid hemorrhage when I was fourteen.
He held a ball.
I wrote a letter asking him to return a bit earlier.
The tree leaves turned red.
He confessed to the murder.
This guy looks like a fox.
I hope you'll get better soon.
This store is currently selling vegetables.
I found the rare edition that I've been looking so long for.
Her acute observation skills make her a very suitable photographer.
The Yangtze at 6,380 km is Asia's longest river.
I want you guys to do me a favor.
A country is a dangerous machine.
It is the duty of every patriot to protect his country from its government.
Dignity doesn't cost anything, but I'm the only one who truly possesses it!
Life's short, so I use Python!
Oh my goodness!
I'm going to buy some bread.
He almost died.
Give me the book back once you've finished reading it.
A user should have freedom with respect to both hardware and software. An operating system should be open, not closed.
On the client side, very time-consuming operations should run asynchronously so as to avoid freezing the browser. The best example is the operation of Ajax.
How can one achieve such brilliant results?
According to one study, Amazon's sales go down by 1% for every 100-millisecond lag in its loading times.
The reform of the Chinese healthcare system is an acknowledgement of its failure.
In its graphical representation, the normal distribution is a bell-shaped curve, with the value growing as one moves closer to the middle and decreasing as one moves away.
Most of us have, to some extent, experienced being caught in a cycle like this one: Facing the browser, you hit, like you always do, Ctrl-T to open a new tab, type in the first letter of the website you always visit, and hit "enter"... just to see if anything new has happened.
Person of the future: "The calendar of this Unix machine that the ancients built only goes up to January 19, 2038. As such, I am convinced that this marks the day of the Earth's destruction."
That book's over here.
You're full of yourself.
As if!
But, of course, hindsight is 20-20.
This swan is black.
Your parents used to really love us.
Could you tell me your name again?
Turn left!
I'm too old for that shit.
It's snowing in Paris.
He believes that he can prove it.
You are not authorized to enter there.
Tom came to Boston three years ago.
I'll give you a ring.
I like to read.
The book is on the table.
The present time is a good time.
The storm had a serious effect on the economy.
The sun was shining, yet it was cold.
The talks will deal with the problem of pollution.
The talks will last three days.
The teacher demonstrated the idea with an experiment.
The two men were business partners.
The two nations have strong trade ties.
The two sides hold talks this week.
Their goods are of the highest quality.
Fear is more harmful than the sharpest of swords.
One must have conviction in law, or its existence will be superficial only.
An ounce of wit that is bought is worse a pound that is taught.
It hurts to see Mary suffer so.
I need the exact address so that I may go there.
The more precise the calculations, the stronger the friendship.
We made an agreement to meet exactly at ten.
This cartographer is famous for the precision in his maps.
This cartographer is famous for the precision in her maps.
Our teacher is someone who likes precision, and always demands precise answers of her students.
Can you explain the exact meaning of this word?
Her life goal is to marry a rich man.
I'm someone ambitious - someone who knows very well what he is after.
I'm someone ambitious - someone who knows very well what she is after.
The taller the tree, the more likely it is to be struck by lightning.
I aimed at a sparrow, but shot down a goose.
Unexpectedly, I struck fortune.
Is your mother tongue Chinese?
A very beautiful picture is hanging on the wall.
Your room is big.
Your room is big.
How many things did you buy?
I couldn't stop myself from laughing.
How long has George lived there?
How long has George studied Portuguese?
How long has George lived here?
How long has George worked in Rio?
I arrived two weeks ago.
Where do you use Esperanto?
Where do you speak Esperanto?
Actinium was discovered by André-Louis Debierne in 1899.
In reality, translation is akin to working for peanuts, since the corresponding meaning of something in one language is often hidden in some deep and impenetrable recesses of the other. As a result, the translator is forced to search all over... Never mind that the picky reader is very difficult to fool.
Buying a new TV won't make you happy.
Shall we go to a little more upscale restaurant?
He commands the respect of a king.
The poor man has no relatives.
Almost everyone in our village is related to one another.
I often visit my relatives.
We are now in-laws, seeing as our kids got married.
Because our kids got married, we are now in-laws.
All of my wife's relatives are my in-laws.
Someone locked me in the room.
I always lock my room.
He missed on purpose so as not to kill me.
Smog was very heavy today.
Smog was very heavy today.
Who is that?
These twin brothers are as alike as two peas in a pod.
In the shadow of the Leaning Tower of Pisa sits the town storyteller, eating a bowl of pea soup. After that he tells some children the fairy tale "The Princess and the Pea".
He set a precedent.
Is there life on Mars?
The word you use depends on your intended meaning.
Don't understand.
I grew up in a poor family.
She's still single.
Don't provoke me.
Somewhere in this world, there must be an apple that needs me.
This is a miracle.
What is your favourite fruit?
Which fruit do you like the best?
Tom asks his mother if she can but him a new toy.
They were both drunk.
Help us.
It's night.
Slow down.
That's logical.
You look just like my sister.
You look just like my sister.
Who doesn't know that if there's someone who loves showing off, it's him?
My opinion is the same as theirs.
The quality of these products is the same.
Starting from now, I am going to be more rational.
No one could guess why that thing had happened to him.
You are so beautiful, you do not need to use makeup.
She never wears makeup, but she always looks very charming.
The actress' skin has makeup on it.
We're going to hire the most famous makeup artist for our cast's makeup.
Science has changed my life.
He recounted the accident to me as if he had seen it with his own eyes.
When it comes to drugs, there's a very fine line between use and abuse.
Don't be terrified.
Can I see the menu, please?
Our soldiers cannot choose whether there is war or peace.
Please stop that right now.
I'm sure she has other skills.
There's no way to know.
He has a hairy chest.
Interrogate!
He forced me to go there.
He ordered me to go to bed early.
I wonder why I feel so lonely when it gets cold.
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
Good morning.
What's up with you?
Suddenly everything went black and I lost consciousness.
He loves to party.
Doing some work won't kill you.
I hope to leave that city, and never come back.
I like eating melons from Hami.
I like eating melons from Kumul.
I like eating Hami melons.
I like eating Kumul melons.
How many teams are there?
He has bought a banana case.
He bought a banana case.
He didn't say a word to me all day.
Special forces surrounded the building.
They're just talking shit.
I don't talk to him anymore.
I was learning.
There is a man and a woman.
That is the passport.
They drink coffee at home.
They are not all at home right now.
They are going to sleep.
That is Peterson, he is a policeman.
He is a dentist.
I don't know either.
They are dancing.
We're buying movie tickets.
They are eating and drinking while chatting.
The doctor was giving a patient a checkup.
At the library.
They're in math class.
She's trying on a coat.
He's buying apples.
She's going out to buy some things.
The shopping bag that they're carrying.
No, I still prefer eating vegetables.
They're at the bar drinking.
They're at the bar drinking beer.
They're at the eatery looking at the menu.
They're at the restaurant looking at the menu.
Eggplant, carrot, tomato.
He's at the bank exchanging money.
He exchanges money at the bank.
He's at the post office sending a package to a friend.
Three streets, as well as a park and a hospital.
It's because he got lost.
In the desert, I think.
We should classify them before throwing them out.
Just about everything can be recycled.
Because there's pollution in the cities.
They like the beautiful stars and moon.
Come from India.
She has three children.
She's Brazilian.
They met in Spain seven years ago.
He's Austrian.
Yes, Fitzpatrick. He comes from the U.S.
I asked him with good intentions, but he did not answer.
My dear mother.
He wears Chinese-style clothes.
Have you been well?
Are the train tickets expensive?
Is your child a boy or a girl?
Yes, I'm a student too.
Erkin likes her too.
Regardless of whether you come tomorrow or not, let me know.
Whether he studies or goes into business, I won't stop him.
Tom is boring.
We're Canadians.
Tom is clean.
We're conservative.
Tom is deceitful.
You're here.
I'm humble.
You're impatient.
Tom is indispensable.
Tom is overweight.
Tom is shy.
We're special.
We're special.
We're worried.
We'll continue.
We'll cook.
We're hiding.
I'm sleeping.
Tom swam.
Hug Tom.
Tom tried.
I wish everyone luck in the coming year, as well as success in their work and studies.
Do you like Indian food?
I didn't do it alone.
Tom is very much alone.
This is something I must face alone.
I hate being alone on Valentine's Day.
Try to explain this.
Why don't you do it?
Why don't you go see Tom?
Why don't you grow up?
Why don't you quit Facebook?
Why don't you wait here while I finish what I'm doing?
I'm exhausted!
Why don't you talk to him?
Tom will do that.
Have you checked our supplies recently?
He works really hard, and his co-workers respect him for it.
You're always busy.
You're an optimist.
You're frightening me.
You're making progress.
You're no singer.
You aren't invited.
You're so right.
You're the prisoner.
You're too generous.
You're turning red.
You're very fast.
You're very resourceful.
She will never be able to get the things she pursues!
Do you want all or half of it?
Why learn Klingon?
He's such a sweetheart.
You're such a jerk.
Get on the horse immediately!
How silly of you!
Are you going to the airport to see your teacher off?
He's a specialist in economics.
This road is under repair.
Are you dating anyone?
Have you got this number memorized?
Have you committed this number to memory?
What do you want to do tomorrow?
What do you want to learn?
I finished buying a dozen eggs.
Mary wants a dozen eggs.
The apples are sold by the dozen.
Do you want to go to the cinema or the theater?
That's just useless.
We give him an apple.
In your dreams!
The murmur of the brook lulls me to sleep.
What time's your plane?
Can you teach me how to play the bagpipes?
You'll never be able to revive someone who is only pretending to be dead.
God does not exist.
I want to see your boss.
He speaks Chinese.
Just what time period is "Hong Fan" a product of? Although people have debated this issue for ages, there is still no clear consensus to this day.
How many years have you studied Mandarin for?
How many years have you studied Chinese for?
Do you study Mandarin there?
Can you give me your phone number?
I've had black rice congee thrice in one day!
Chongqing is a hilly city with winding streets.
How many arms does a squid have?
How many arms does an octopus have?
Tom turned on the car's fog lights.
But it's too expensive!
I'm the boss.
This is gibberish.
This is mine.
This isn't love.
Tom doesn't know if Mary is happy or not.
What's not necessary?
I slept just two hours.
I am Egyptian.
I called Tom.
I know Tom.
I respect Tom.
I'll alert Tom.
I'm Tom's assistant.
I'm Tom's wife.
Just ask Tom.
Keep Tom safe.
That's Tom's mother.
They trust Tom.
Tom came back.
Tom fell asleep.
Tom follows orders.
Tom glanced away.
This pen doesn't write well.
Tom is diabetic.
Tom is escaping.
Tom is talking.
Tom isn't dumb.
Tom isn't lying.
Tom isn't old.
Tom knows him.
Tom knows me.
Tom listened carefully.
Tom lived there.
Tom needed treatment.
Tom needs protection.
Tom nodded approval.
Tom sat down.
Tom saw you.
What are you lingering for? Hurry up and go.
Tom started singing.
Tom told him.
Tom waited outside.
What is your favorite color?
Did they buy the juice?
Tom would accept.
Tom's check bounced.
Tom's mother's dead.
Vote for Tom.
We love Tom.
Who's your girlfriend?
We're not late.
We're not looking.
We're not stupid.
We're still vulnerable.
We're very different.
We're having dinner.
We're all hungry.
We're all angry.
We're a family.
This will keep you warm.
We both won.
We can begin.
We can't escape.
We forgive you.
We know everything.
We lost it.
We missed you.
We must intervene.
We must wait.
We want one.
We were bored.
We'd better talk.
We'll do that.
We'll stay quiet.
We've been tricked.
We've forgiven you.
They're children.
They're children.
They aren't dead.
They can wait.
They deserve it.
They love that.
They sell candy.
They were afraid.
They were frightened.
They were good.
They were persecuted.
Why do you think that I'm thinking about you?
He is very smart.
I believe he is sick.
How heavy is your suitcase?
The youngest daughter was particularly beautiful.
The youngest daughter is exceptionally beautiful.
They work together.
They'll be grateful.
They'll try again.
They'll understand that.
They're closed today.
They're fast runners.
I saw Tom.
Is Tom Canadian?
Is Tom well?
Tom loves dogs.
Was Tom surprised?
Am I overreacting?
Are those explosives?
Are you sleeping?
Are you sleeping?
Break it up!
Check your dictionary.
Control is everything.
Deal with them.
Does that hurt?
Don't be fooled.
Don't open that.
Drink this juice.
Everyone knows me.
Everyone was surprised.
Everything seems OK.
Here's the bill.
I almost won.
I baked cookies.
I can cook.
I can't leave.
I despise you.
I don't discriminate.
I don't lie.
I drive everywhere.
I feel weak.
I got arrested.
I have time.
I haven't eaten.
I haven't eaten.
I like beans.
I like blue.
I love music.
I must decline.
I need advice.
I need evidence.
We surrender.
Stop trying to play me for a fool!
Don't give me that crap!
I need to know.
Science is fun.
I saw it.
I should've asked.
I understand perfectly.
I was surprised.
I wasn't yelling.
I will obey.
I will translate.
I'll leave immediately.
I'll never stop.
I'm a detective.
I'm going upstairs.
I'm not jealous.
I'm pretty tall.
I'm really cold.
I'm really worried.
I'm so stupid.
I'm too tired.
I'm your boyfriend.
I've got time.
I've got wine.
I've no idea.
Is it dangerous?
Isn't that mine?
It happens occasionally.
It was terrible.
It's all gone.
It's our fault.
It's over there.
It's pretty heavy.
It's so hard.
It's still early.
It's too long.
It's very normal.
It's very uncomfortable.
Let me think.
Lock the office.
Meet me there.
Never give up.
Open the box.
Please contact us.
Please tell me.
Somebody was murdered.
Someone is watching.
Stop bothering me.
Tell me again.
Tell us everything.
That changed everything.
That feels good.
That settles that.
Tom's hands are shaking.
Tom's parachute didn't open.
I'd also like to have a try.
I also want to try.
Field hockey is not very popular in China.
That wasn't nice.
That's quite obvious.
That's really nice.
That's too easy.
That's very rare.
Even the air's spicy here.
There isn't a single thing here that isn't spicy.
Neither students nor teachers should ever stop learning.
Mandarin, English, and Arabic are all examples of the world's most widely spoken languages.
Whether you like it or not, we have to do it that way.
The Uyghurs' cuisine has all kinds of dishes.
They decided to fight mano-a-mano.
You cannot translate the sentence word-for-word.
Do you want to trade our two sheep, one for another?
Yana lives in London.
The policemen searched one house after another in looking for the thief.
That's your opinion.
There's nobody here.
They want this.
He froze with fear when he saw the snake.
I'm stuck in my job.
Humans are the only animals that can use fire.
Wait for me.
Watch your head.
I bought this pair of shoes, but they are a bit too small.
Japanese people are generally very reserved.
The birds soar in the air.
I plan to go to Canada next year.
That child who spoke is my brother.
This room's pretty awesome, eh?
Do you want us to call you a taxi?
How've ya' been lately?
You've been well lately?
How's it going lately?
Everything's still going well?
You guys need to go brush your teeth!
She fell in love with her boyfriend's younger brother.
He was extremely happy at having successfully solved the problem.
You're an idiot!
You're an idiot!
Worries are like ghosts - those who aren't afraid of them can't suffer at their hands.
Worries are like ghosts - those who aren't afraid of them can't suffer at their hands.
I'll go with you when pigs fly.
I'll go with you when the end of the world arrives.
Thank you for the Christmas gift.
The woman gave birth to a baby girl.
Is there a TV in your bedroom?
I really want to know her name.
Why do you like Hawaii?
I'm going to shoot him dead.
I guess it's only a joke.
Tom pretty much forgot about the meeting.
We don't have another choice.
Well, girls, it's time to go.
We don't have any other choice.
Yesterday I saw an old acquaintance whom I hadn't seen in ten years.
So what will you do in the afternoon?
She'll cry even when no one is looking.
Our supplies are running out.
We've lost them.
Were they serious?
Were you right?
What happened today?
The woman glared at us.
Where's my father?
Where's my wife?
Who are we?
Who are we?
Who invented glasses?
Who invented that?
Who likes beans?
Who was here?
Who was playing?
Who's that guy?
You could run.
"Goodbye," she said.
I've put all of my energy into this plan.
It would appear that you're wrong.
The policeman grabbed the boy's arm.
Many people can't, and do not want to, make the effort to understand others.
What places are you planning to visit in your travels? And how? And why?
I've got a toothache. I just can't bear this pain anymore.
You look tense.
You need protection.
You were eavesdropping.
You'll bounce back.
You'll love it.
You've made progress.
My father works at a factory.
My father works at the factory.
He's very sloppy in his dress.
Is there a discount if you pay in cash?
He was a very good skier when he was little.
The criminal has not been caught yet.
I brought up two kids all on my own.
My shoulder really aches.
Can you tell those twins apart?
He was aware that I was around, but didn't come to greet me.
I hope that you give this book a read.
How long will you be in Tokyo for?
Our team lost the first match.
I was entirely bummed out by the results.
As there was no bus, I had no choice but to walk.
You're seriously going to eat this?
You've got a lot of willpower.
You've got a strong will.
In the Spanish calendar, the week begins with Monday.
That's so perfect.
That's very cruel.
Tom loves you.
Give me a dozen oranges.
He couldn't stand the bitterness of the coffee.
He returned very late at night.
He's a professor at the National University.
Hurry up, it's late.
I want to reserve a first-class stateroom.
No one supported his motion.
She has a very quick mind.
The sky was filled with airplanes.
These oranges are very sour.
They sell sporting goods.
This is not to his liking.
My family is very proud of me.
They don't talk to us anymore.
Life is like a box of chocolates.
We are the Borg.
Tom walked out.
Did you meet Tom?
Does Tom drink coffee?
I am very sad that he has died.
Give Tom a hand.
I dialed Tom's number.
I talked with Tom.
I've never underestimated Tom.
I've seen Tom naked.
Is Tom here, too?
Tom sent me there.
Oh my god! I've killed a pregnant woman!
I'm out of it.
He doesn't really speak French.
You understand German, right?
You understand German, right?
Everyone knows of his affection for that dog.
I can't adjust myself to the climate here.
The boat is going against the current.
The police are after him.
We're fighting against time.
A Mexican taught him Spanish.
At this point, he arrived.
I'm really sorry to hear that.
You're just like your father.
You yourself belong to this group of people that you're talking about - the one that doesn't speak standard Mandarin well.
You yourself belong to this group of people that you're talking about - the one that doesn't speak standard Mandarin well.
Did you have a good time last night?
Do you understand French?
Food shouldn't be wasted.
I have a thorn in my finger.
I'm counting on your help.
In this case, the adjective goes before the noun.
Knock before entering.
That river flows into the Pacific.
The artist who illustrated this book is very good.
The car was going forward.
The living room furniture was modern in style.
The river's on the other side of the hill.
There's no reason to get angry.
Why don't you hug me?
Tom and Mary will go with me.
Wake me up at eight o'clock.
Doesn't that change things?
I didn't even consider that.
He doesn't listen.
We have to wash the clothes.
What a pretty girl!
Don't bother calling security.
Don't let Tom die.
Don't let Tom leave.
Don't play with matches.
Don't release that prisoner.
Don't try to intimidate me.
It's a lot of trouble to write my name, because it takes 50 strokes to write both my first and last names.
Don't shout at me.
Don't worry about this.
Don't you know that?
Let them learn from us.
I don't doubt it.
I don't need anything.
I don't need anything.
It doesn't really matter.
They won't find Tom.
Tom doesn't work here.
Tom won't be coming.
Tom has been wounded.
Tom has calmed down.
Tom has no money.
Tom is a hick.
Tom is a magician.
Tom is a politician.
Tom is a racist.
Tom is an artist.
Tom is going crazy.
Tom is in danger.
Tom is my boy.
Tom is really worried.
Tom is serious now.
Tom is so hot.
Tom is still upset.
Tom is there alone.
Tom is there already.
Tom is wearing gloves.
Tom says he's tired.
We were kids then.
We don't trust Tom.
We don't think so.
We didn't break in.
You didn't protect me.
You don't know them.
You don't need money.
You don't scare us.
You have to move.
You won't need it.
You're cuter than Mary.
Don't let them forget me.
Don't make me stand here.
Don't stay up too late.
Don't think about it now.
Don't you ever give up?
How can you be so cruel?
I did everything by myself.
I didn't lie to you.
I don't anticipate a problem.
I don't own a guitar.
I don't work like that.
I just don't like it.
You look just like Tom.
You need to get ready.
It doesn't look like anything.
It doesn't sound like Tom.
Please don't speak to me.
Please don't use my name.
Some people don't know that.
She knows how to cook.
Teacher Zhang teaches Chinese to his students at school every day.
It's spring everywhere in the motherland.
Teacher Zhang teaches Chinese to his students at school every day.
You sing songs to me.
Let them learn from us.
They don't need a reason.
They don't pay me enough.
I'm short.
If you used the time you spent complaining practicing your basketball, then maybe you would have stopped complaining a long time ago.
The number is unfortunately busy.
Tom claims he doesn't remember.
"Thanks, guys." "Don't mention it."
A cab is waiting.
Do you like swimming?
Do you want more?
I have to fight.
I heard Tom sobbing.
I really don't sing.
I'm going to check.
I'm going to lose.
I've already tried that.
That won't ever happen.
How many years did Tom work here?
Children like fruit juice.
Tom really doesn't like you.
Tom won't be here long.
We didn't bring it back.
We didn't start the fire.
We don't live in Boston.
Why don't we have dinner?
I love him, but he loves someone else.
I love her, but she loves someone else.
It's not true!
He pretended to be my friend.
She fell in love with her boyfriend's older brother.
She fell in love with her friend's younger brother.
You don't have to explain.
You don't understand the procedure.
It's obvious.
That's avoidable.
I don't accept it.
Latin was the language of religion and culture.
I'm prepared to accept the consequences.
Tom is prepared to accept the consequences.
Don't you ever clean your room?
Don't act like you know me.
Don't ask me what it was.
Don't do this to me again.
Don't pay any attention to Tom.
Have you gone crazy?
I didn't know what it meant.
I didn't mean to wake you.
I didn't sell Tom my car.
I didn't even know Tom had left.
I didn't mean to disturb you.
I didn't mean to spook you.
I advise you to change clothes.
I always thought that Tom was a bit different.
I'm twenty-five.
I bet Tom forgot.
They became close friends.
She's skinny.
She sells seashells by the seashore.
She wants children, but he doesn't.
If you don't kill them, they'll kill you.
What did you eat this morning?
What did you eat in the afternoon?
What did you eat in the morning?
What did you have this evening?
What did you eat this evening?
What did you have this evening?
What did you eat this evening?
As soon as he saw the policeman, he ran for it.
He's very straightforward.
Thankfully nothing unfortunate happened.
You should be more careful with respect to how you talk to those people.
Reckless driving can easily lead to an accident.
We listened with great care, not missing a single word.
If you want to have an attractive personality, you need to have a good head on your shoulders.
True understanding requires the greatest of wisdoms.
You could say it that way, but it's quite vulgar.
Hey, are you really going to work at eight tomorrow?
You get out of class?
I'm sick, and it's miserable!
When will you be online?
She's always been a very cheerful person.
The children got lost in the jungle.
He's not here.
Let's see what fate has prescribed.
I'm going to go sell my car this afternoon.
I still haven't eaten.
Our hearts are linked.
I'm discussing something with my friends at the moment. Wait a bit and I'll get back to you.
I'm all washed up.
"What you said is wrong." "Then what should I say?"
"You said it wrong." "How do I say it then?"
It's raining outside. Don't forget to close the windows when you get back home.
I just finished cleaning your place.
I don't understand this sentence.
Funny... Someone just added the sentence that I mentioned to you this afternoon.
How many accounts do you have?
Today I take your hand so that we may grow old together.
Idiot... You got water in your brain or something?
Did you guys go out?
You don't need to tell me. I don't have any interest in this matter.
Did you go out?
I'm gone.
I'm off.
You think that I'm just talking nonsense, don't you?
I'm definitely going to give up smoking!
I'm definitely going to quit smoking!
As the trees crave tranquility in the ever-persistent wind, the child craves the care of its ever-absent parents.
Did you take the clothes out of the washing machine?
It's thundering outside. I'm really scared!
I came here to thank you.
I came to warn you not to do that.
I can barely see you.
I can call Tom if you want.
I can hope for a miracle, can't I?
I can make that happen.
I can manage on my own.
I can see Tom.
I can see you're good at this.
I can tell you're tired.
I can understand you.
I can win this time.
So it was all a lie.
Why is my memory so bad? I'm always forgetting things!
Don't get involved with that guy.
I've got my college interview tomorrow. Hopefully I'll pass.
I'm pretty hungry. When can we go have lunch?
There are four seasons in a year, and the one I like most is summer. How about you?
I can't ask Tom right now.
I can't believe you bought this.
I can't believe your parents let you come here by yourself.
I can't focus on two things at the same time.
I want a coffee.
What time do you get out of class?
When are you getting off work?
Honey, don't forget to wake me up for work at 11 o'clock.
Dinner's ready already. When are you going to be home?
It's gotten late, so you better hurry up and sleep. You still need to go to work tomorrow.
You have a small chest.
What time are you going to work?
What time is class for you?
What time does class start for you tomorrow?
What time are you going to work tomorrow?
I made a mistake while looking.
I misread.
What a shame.
It's all right. I can wait.
No problem, I can wait.
I'm in the toilet.
You're still up?
You're still awake?
I'm feeding my baby.
People die every day.
We need talented people.
The Second World War isn't over yet.
I don't work tomorrow.
I didn't work yesterday.
You're the most reliable friend I have.
The Second World War isn't over yet.
There's a big difference between reading for pleasure and stimulation and reading for knowledge and education.
From what stems this contradiction between our hopes and our reality?
Many of the user reviews on Amazon are fake.
This company achieved a remarkable increase in turnover last year.
The government's expenditures are a bit excessive.
It's not possible to stop here.
In that case we should start by having a family meeting.
People say that the fox is more cunning than other animals.
The food's ready.
He's been living off his father's financial support for ten years now.
I certainly wouldn't want to be seen with Tom.
I chose the wrong one.
I come from a large family.
I could barely get out of bed yesterday.
I could have been killed.
I hope you stop telling me lies.
We're going out for dumplings in the evening, all right?
Can I write it that way?
Can I write it like that?
Hurry up! The food will get cold.
When did you tell me?
Is he working tomorrow?
I'm in bed.
Where is the taxi?
Japanese anime these days is becoming more and more like pornography.
Where is Manila?
As far as she goes, yea, she does have those few faults, but it's just those faults of hers that make me like her even more.
I decided not to study French.
I didn't expect to be here either.
I didn't know who Tom was at first.
Tom wrote two books.
I don't feel much like talking.
I don't have that kind of time.
I don't know where I'd begin.
I don't remember what Tom looked like.
I don't do it anymore.
I don't know if that's what Tom wants or not.
I don't know what to believe anymore.
I don't know where Tom was going.
This TV program seems to be very entertaining.
You want another slice of cake?
This boy is very good at using the knife and fork.
Nobody wants to touch this.
We've already partied all night.
I just can't solve it.
We lock the doors at night.
We lock the door at night.
The two of you have ruined my life.
Where is the person?
Did anyone go to sing with me tomorrow?
I don't need you or anybody else.
I don't think I like this game very much.
I don't think my life is very interesting.
I don't think this is Tom's umbrella.
I don't think Tom trusts many people.
I don't think Tom understands what's going on.
I don't think Tom will like this place.
I don't think we can wait any longer.
I don't understand why Tom brought you here.
This kind of odour is really terrifying.
He let out the secret regarding this matter.
I erased the blackboard for the teacher.
I even made Tom laugh.
I feel bad enough already.
I found a good place to buy fruit a couple of days ago.
Lots of Italians went to Australia.
I go to school here, too.
I got five hours sleep last night.
I grew up in the mountains.
I guess I waited too long.
I had a hard day.
I had fun last night.
I had nothing to hide.
I had some calls to make.
I had to change clothes because what I was wearing wasn't appropriate for the situation.
Since I didn't know what to say, I remained silent.
The cat ate the rat.
Basketball is very fun to play.
Seeing as they're poor, they've no choice but to work their hardest.
The contest has very strict eligibility requirements.
The contest has very strict eligibility requirements.
There was a minute of silence and then everybody started screaming.
I live alone in this house.
At nine in the evening, we visited the Anne Frank House.
It was pretty dark under the bridge.
Tom washes the dishes for Mary.
Due to the heavy rain, vegetable prices have risen.
Leave now!
I just finished reading this book.
I'm going to stay here until the day after tomorrow.
I stayed in hospital for a week.
You're a real friend.
It wasn't just that she didn't blame him - she actually praised the guy.
Don't run away from consequences, don't fear them; face them.
Is your mum at home?
My house is really big.
There are times in everyone's life when you want to live alone.
Everybody thinks so.
This is my computer.
Is it too early for red wine?
Does your salary get put on your pay card on a monthly basis?
It's necessary that we all work together to complete this assignment.
These are really, really bad things.
She grew even more worried.
This is a really beautiful city!
These flowers have a really nice fragrance.
How could I possibly forget about the task that you've entrusted to me?
Even if we end up being late, it doesn't bother us.
The man is a lawyer.
I'll still go to the park even if it rains.
She is a young artist.
Please give it a check, then hand in the examination paper.
I knew she didn't love it.
Please come in!
Now there is some left over.
The weather is quite pleasantly cool.
I am your fan.
You just can't stand still, huh? What are you, looking for a fight?
In spite of everything, I think it's not bad.
So that's what it is.
So that's how it is.
Today may be April Fool's Day, but your prank went overboard. Seriously, I'm pretty angry!
I forgot that today was April Fool's Day.
I don't know when spring will come and when the flowers will bloom. It was still snowing this morning.
Where is spring?
Anyone up for a game of poker?
You're even taller than I am.
He's even more hardworking than you are.
She's even more hardworking than you are.
Urumqi is even colder than Kashgar.
Not even a single person survived.
There wasn't a single survivor.
That person's so stingy that he won't even let the mouse have the chaff.
Are you also from Kashgar?
Are you from Kashgar as well?
Will we also still go to the park even if it rains?
I didn't have time to cook dinner tonight, so I went out and bought a box meal.
By switching your lover from 3D to 2D, you may successfully reduce all social-interaction-related costs.
If I tell him, then it's as good as done. He'll definitely take care of it.
Are you free the day after tomorrow?
I don't know whether I have time or not.
I don't know why you don't like her.
She was very beautiful in her youth.
That girl playing the piano is my little sister.
I owed him a thousand dollars.
There's a band at my school.
They say that he's very diligent.
We just managed to catch the last train.
They have a good time.
He works eight hours every day.
He is in good health.
Okay, let's say no more about it.
That guy is two-faced.
I've always been smart.
I've always distrusted Tom.
I have an urgent message from Tom.
I've been feeling a little restless.
I've been here many times before.
I've been spending too much time with Tom.
I've discovered something interesting.
I've done bad things that I should be punished for.
I haven't done that since high school.
I've found a place to live.
I've got it right here.
I've got no friends.
I've got things under control.
I've got to try to find Tom.
I haven't had time to look for what you wanted.
I've had to do everything by myself.
I've missed so much.
I've never been so proud of you.
I've never seen Tom so angry.
I have no way of knowing that.
I haven't seen you around here before.
I haven't started anything yet.
I have things to take care of.
I have three million dollars.
I have to call Tom.
I have to explain this to Tom.
I have to get to the hospital.
I have to go back to work.
I have to go meet with Tom.
I have to say no.
I have to say this.
I've tried to contact Tom.
I hear they're pretty good.
I heard a car pull up.
I heard someone come in.
I heard Tom was captured.
I heard you got married.
I hope I'm not boring you.
I hope you like the job.
I just can't believe it.
I don't care all that much.
I don't know what you're referring to.
I don't know why you're here.
I don't like rock music.
I don't make deals with people like you.
I don't remember any of it.
I don't see any bullet holes.
I don't want a birthday party.
I don't want to help you.
I don't want Tom seeing this.
I found you, didn't I?
I promise it won't happen again.
I should congratulate you.
I think you have a fever.
I want a new shirt. What do you want?
I want to make a pie.
I won't make that mistake again.
I'd better get back home.
I'd never done it before.
I'm sorry, I didn't hear you.
I don't feel very well. I should go home.
I just got bitten by a mosquito.
Good night.
He's not very good at remembering names.
He's standing behind his mother.
She's wearing red.
We'll know the real story soon enough.
It's because it's too big.
I'm certain that you saw Tom.
My big sister wants to kill me.
Mr. Smith is drinking coffee.
He doesn't come to school often.
I love you!
Do you want to hear the truth about this matter?
We are speaking about the same thing, just in different words.
Her repertoire on the piano is not very large, but she has learned every piece by heart.
You asked about her? What did she say?
My neighbor's a real mysophobe.
My little sister wants to kill me.
Only when the Party Committee Secretary came in person to resolve it was this point of view dispelled entirely.
And what was the reason?
Now, let’s go back to where we were.
No wonder that even he feared this word himself.
We exchanged pleasantries, and chatted cordially about news in the team, and he moved the conversation naturally on to the main topic.
Do you remember when we made wooden bridges?
She gulped down half her tea in one mouthful.
First acknowledge then deny – one for and one against – and then you are in a powerful position.
No matter how many faults there are, our achievements are the main thing.
Whoever ignores that point will make mistakes.
It is how it is.
Going from not having to having – that’s success.
That’s the first point.
The problem is that it wouldn’t work!
China has Chinese characteristics.
He’d heard this more than once, but once was once more than he could bear.
If you're going to say it, you have to say it with force, and take away your opponent's ability to retaliate.
Those who don’t like it will say that it doesn’t fit with China’s characteristics so it can’t be done, and those who do like it will say that according to China’s characteristics this is how it must be done.
He was only bothered about concrete questions.
Things are always more complex than we think.
No two rivers in the world are completely the same.
The natural world is always much more complex than formulations in the lab or blueprints in the design office.
There was a different kind of atmosphere in the headquarters.
For us, what’s most important is understanding the intention of the leadership.
The workers didn't get their basic wage.
That’s actually the truth.
That doesn’t count as making a mistake.
The situation was much more complex than he had thought.
I’ll phone you as soon as I arrive in Shanghai.
The thief ran off as soon as he saw the police car.
He went back to the dorm as soon as he finished class.
I’ll come and find you once I’ve finished my work.
The snow will melt when the sun comes out.
She felt much safer once she’d put her helmet on.
Whenever I have a question, I just Google it.
Whenever I get a large sum of money, I donate some of it to charity.
Those two people start arguing whenever they meet.
At the end of April, the water of the Yellow River had darkened.
This was a warning: the floods were coming.
They needed to make a decision - an immediate decision.
He had to be responsible, but this was a responsibility that he couldn’t bear.
There couldn’t be a more ideal solution than that.
The day before, they had made preparations.
At that moment, the telephone in the unit office rang.
But it wasn't over yet.
Is your coming to Guangdong a pleasure trip?
Seeing this scene, I couldn’t help but sigh.
I constantly went over this problem in my mind.
When I thought of that, I couldn’t help smiling.
I decided to take the opportunity to go and visit him.
A lot of snow had just fallen.
Boundless snow covered all that could be seen.
Now it was my turn to be surprised.
That’s what we heard.
Spring in the north sends gales to sweep the roads.
It makes no sense whatsoever.
Find yourself an Uyghur girlfriend and you'll never have problems with Uyghur again.
And so you've finally come back to Russia.
She's not sleepy.
I would like to place particular emphasis on this point.
Do you like to play golf?
Don't let the children play on the street.
Once you do it, you see that it's not as hard as it sounds.
He tried to cheer up his wife, but wasn't able to.
I just heard something.
I just need a break.
I just need you to come with me.
I just said something very stupid.
Let everyone take care of their own affairs.
I just talked to the person in charge.
I just wanted somebody to help me.
I just wanted to speak to Tom.
I just wasn't paying attention.
I knew this day was coming.
Today, many problems were encountered.
Could you translate this sentence?
I knew what Tom was doing.
I knew you'd find Tom.
I know a lot about ships.
I know everything about you.
I know everything that you've done.
I know how we can help.
I know I did an awful thing.
I know I owe you money.
I know it's difficult to believe.
I know it's hard to believe.
I know it's hard.
I know it's time to go, but I want to stay longer.
I know my limitations.
I know that can't really happen.
I know the problem.
I know the real reason you don't want go.
I know this area pretty well.
I know what I did was wrong.
I know what it's like to lose someone.
I know what to say.
I know what you meant.
I know where I'm going next.
I know who you all are.
I know you like sports.
I know you're going to say no.
I know you're not comfortable.
I know you're richer than me.
I know your feelings are hurt.
I let Tom watch a little TV after he finished his homework.
I like being my own boss.
I like that place.
I like your shoes.
Is it really everywhere?
I made a few modifications.
I made other plans.
Mary likes her coffee without sugar.
When I woke up this morning, I felt a little ill.
I think he is going to come, but I'm not sure.
I am not applauding them.
I don't believe you, regardless what you say.
Good luck with tonight's performance!
Let's have a good birthday celebration!
Come everyone and join us in drinking, dancing, chatting, and making new friends!
The sky is getting brighter.
I read this book. It was interesting from beginning to end.
Each page is an adventure.
I might make a mistake.
I might say yes.
I miss Boston.
I miss Mary's cooking.
I miss my children.
I miss my wife.
I need to find out when we need to be there.
I need to know what you know.
I need to take notes.
I need to try.
I need you to help me find Tom.
I need your advice on what I should do next.
I never should've let Tom eat so much candy.
I never thought that would happen.
I owe a lot of money.
I owe Tom some money.
I prefer to remain seated.
I'm from Japan.
She is smart, isn't she?
I really don't understand what you're talking about.
I really enjoyed last night.
I really think we should do this.
You should've done it earlier. It can't be helped now.
You should have done it earlier. It can't be helped now.
The longer you hide your feelings for someone, the more you fall for them.
Just what have you done? Aren't you also my friend?
I had thought that he was a man, but it turned out that he was a woman.
She uses rude words.
Be mindful of your actions when in a relationship.What may seem playful to you could really be harmful to your partner.
Children learn more from what you are than what you teach.
Being challenged in life is inevitable, being defeated is optional.
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field.
Sport knows no borders.
Lost in thought, Tom watched the sky as he smoked a cigarette.
I have serious doubts about their plans succeeding.
I have serious doubts about their plan succeeding.
Where can you get tickets?
Perhaps you will seek his aid.
There's really no way to continue this conversation any longer.
We can't just look on dejectedly while this city continues to go into decline.
I'm completely soaked from the rain. Can you drive over and pick me up right now?
Staying up late is terrible for your skin.
Oh, I almost forgot! Today is garbage disposal day!
I've got mosquito bites and they really itch. Do you have any medicine for it?
He's very much satisfied with the result.
You want to find someone with a good education, a good salary, good looks, and a good personality. Don't you think that that's aiming a bit too high?
A good education doesn't imply a good upbringing.
Don't underestimate your own strength.
I saw my reflection in the window.
I'm proud of the work I've done here.
I've heard this story before.
May I borrow your car tonight?
He's not as energetic as he used to be.
I had a cat.
This doesn't seem normal to me.
Tom doesn't share Mary's enthusiasm.
Tom is coming, too.
Tom is crying, too.
If you can't come, you should let me know ahead of time.
We don't even need this.
We often talk about the weather.
When did you go to work?
You don't need to explain that.
I ripped my pants.
I said open the door.
I saw a helicopter flying overhead.
I saw more than Tom knows.
I saw Tom almost every day last week.
I saw Tom three hours ago.
I see you found your bag.
I shouldn't have lied to you.
I signed the lease today.
I speak French and English.
I speak French, too.
I started thinking about Tom.
I still can't believe I did it.
I still can't believe you're married.
I still don't think I'm wrong.
I still like you.
I suppose I'd better phone Tom.
I was born in Mexico on a beautiful day in May.
I swear I didn't do anything.
I think I know who did it.
I think I should get right to work.
I think I'm going to cry.
I think maybe Tom was right.
I think that's awful.
I think this coat should fit you.
I think Tom is awake.
I think Tom is getting ready.
I think Tom is sleeping.
I think Tom is still alive.
I think we should talk about this now.
I think we're in trouble.
I think you know that's not true.
I think you look like Tom.
I like cats very much.
That was the skirt that Mary bought yesterday.
This medicine doesn't have any harmful side effects.
There's a book on my desk.
The rain didn't stop, and went on for the entire day.
The rain didn't stop, and went on for the whole day.
We had thought that he was a hero, but he turned out to be a traitor.
Tom doesn't know how to tie his shoes.
Don't drink beer before going to bed!
He'll be asleep.
Why are there so many people?
Tom talked away the entire night.
The Second World War started in 1939.
My grandfather died in the Second World War.
I have two cats.
I have two cats.
I have two cats.
I work in a factory.
I feel always restricted here.
We just barely made the train.
Ideally, a candidate for this job should have four years' work experience.
I won’t be fooled.
I love you so much, Mom!
Facebook is boring.
What would you like to do in the future?
Are you sure you don't use machine translations?
He ate it all up.
I don't know when he's coming.
I actually ended up walking all the way from Shinjuku Station to Jimbocho yesterday!
It's when you teach foreigners Chinese that you realize just how flawed your own Chinese is.
I completely forgot that there was class today!
Almost stepped on a gecko while going to the metro.
You're drinking out of my cup.
I speak French every day at work.
He laughed wholeheartedly.
I can't sell at this price.
I am busy.
My appetite is particularly large.
Keiko deftly piles up the dishes and takes them to the sink.
What did he want?
Will you excuse us for a moment?
It is too noisy around here; I can't concentrate.
On weekends I got up later than usual.
Thanks for the updates.
The woman is young.
Tom, wake up.
So, what happened this time?
Can you speak Uyghur?
I can talk for a bit.
It is my enrollment this week.
We must get our hair cut.
She doesn't eat the red apple.
The man works in his office.
I don't sleep in a bed.
I have already missed the delivery time, what should I do next?
I have missed the delivery time, what should I do next?
Regarding the question at hand, can I give you an answer in two days' time?
Little Wang is on maternity leave. She won't be back to work for six months.
We will follow your demands and make the necessary corrections to those parts that need them.
Regardless how many times I try to solve this nasty problem, I always end up failing.
If there's a better solution, then I'll notify you about it as soon as possible.
A person without faith is frightening.
Xiaoming doesn't know how to control herself.
Xiaoming has really poor self-control.
Fighting with your friends can really hurt your feelings.
Thank you for taking some time out of your busy schedule to reply to my letter.
We will all work together to finish this task on time.
Apple is still very secretive with regard to the release date and the price.
Not being able to carry out payments on time can cause very large losses for the consumer.
I would like to learn standard English.
You worry too much about your weight.
Is your family doing well?
I've always believed in and insisted on this.
Weather's pretty nice tonight.
You should go get a physical examination from a doctor.
You should pay the doctor a visit.
Breakfast is from seven to nine.
Radio's been replaced by the TV.
She said that without me, life held no meaning.
He tried to talk to us in French.
It wasn't his idea.
I don't want to work under these conditions.
She had to give up her dream.
My roommate is so disgusting.
She lies to you all the time.
I am sorry, we are unable to satisfy your demand.
In order to cut down on costs, the company refuses to allow employees to work overtime.
In our view, we have already made the biggest possible compromise.
My classmate, Xiao Ming, has strong managerial capability.
I have a question I want you to answer. Can you?
Have you been feeling a bit of discomfort lately?
Every month at our company, they run a community activity.
Tom's car has been stolen.
People can accept praise more easily than criticism.
What is he talking about?
Many people make similar mistakes.
The heat is making me crave for an ice cream.
This car stopped in front of the bank.
This car pulled up in front of the bank.
This car came to a stop in front of the bank.
Of the two of them, the taller one went out first.
Grandmother died, leaving the whole family stunned.
Grandmother's passing away came as a great blow to the entire family.
We got rid of the mice in their house.
The thermometer reads 10 degrees.
I walked 10 kilometers today.
I walked 10 kilometers today.
Do you understand Latin?
If a piece of knotted string can unleash the wind, and if a drowned man can awaken, then I believe a broken man can heal.
What place on Earth coulde be better than the place your people came from?
Worse things have happened to both of us.
You just got pantsed in the schoolyard, four-eyes.
I'm sorry to put you through that.
I put roll-on antiperspirant all over my body. If sweat starts squirting out the top of my head, you know why.
I'd love to be able to tell the lady who cuts my hair that I don’t like bangs.
When we were going through security, I got pulled out of line for a pat-down.
Long story short, she’s on the No Fly List and we might have been followed here by drone.
Do you have a drug problem?
Do you think that e-books will replace paper books?
There are 1,000 English words written down in this vocabulary book, and they all have to be memorized by July.
I realized that putting this thing into practice was hard.
Do you still want to talk to me?
Stockholm is the capital of Sweden.
This book is red.
How much money do you need?
Eating lots at night can easily give you a nightmare.
She wants to go to Beijing to further her career.
When out of tourist season, the tickets will be cheap.
I lived in a small town.
I managed to make myself understood in French.
I know that you are learning French at school.
Tom translated the document into French.
Is it really that hard to speak French?
I study French after dinner every day.
Tom teaches me French twice a week.
I think my French isn't very good.
Tom went there to learn French.
Tom is a native French speaker.
I don't speak a word of French.
Do you read French every day?
Tom speaks French a little.
Tom is our French teacher.
I like speaking in French.
Can you speak French well?
Tom teaches French.
What's the last thing you were ever happy about?
Sometimes it's fun to creep yourself out thinking about it.
The only thing that would have made it better is if it was cooked.
Get them before they get us.
Get them before they get us.
What pain are you trying to cover up with alcohol?
What pain are you trying to cover up with alcohol?
That lecture was a waste of time.
Are you trying to suggest that my emotional problems are no different than those of a stupid person？
Apparently we're just two peas in a pod.
Apparently we're just two peas in a pod.
Apparently we're just two peas in a pod.
Apparently we're just two peas in a pod.
I didn't get to spend a lot of time with you on this visit.
So it seems that cloud of odorless deadly gas had a silver lining after all.
So it seems that cloud of odorless deadly gas had a silver lining after all.
Sarcasm?
Dibs.
I deleted my Facebook account.
This is where I sleep.
This is where I sleep.
If you want to lose weight, then you need to control your appetite.
Not being able to eat sweets is an extremely painful thing.
Tom knows exactly how I like my hair done.
Tom always sings out of tune.
Don’t you try and blame this on him.
My father is healthy.
He laid a charge against her.
Holidays? What are they?
He'll get sloppy.
She just came home today.
You can talk, but you need to listen to me, as well. I also have the right to speak.
There are only three people in my family.
We're not terminating you.
We're not terminating you.
I guess my job is pretty undramatic.
Summer vacation? What does "summer vacation" mean?
To try to study when you're sleepy is to waste your time.
A north wind is blowing.
It'll soon be a year that Tom and Jane have known one another.
In what year was printing invented?
Haven't I told you not to call me "Tom"?
It's going to rain outside, so don't forget to take an umbrella.
While dreams cannot tell you what will happen to you in reality, they are able to convey your innermost thoughts.
Xiaoming cried for an hour while watching the movie.
Avoiding a problem isn't going to help you solve it.
If we don't keep walking we'll be late.
Their company's public relations team is very strong.
Whatever words you have, just say them.
Could you help me translate this into French?
What happened between you and Tom?
I think you should make the deal.
I think you're really amazing.
I think you've done this before.
This is the future.
Wonder is the true character of the philosopher.
Where can I take a bath?
She's always complaining about her ill health.
The situation is worse than I thought.
Perception is reality.
Why did you cry so much?
Today is World No Tobacco Day.
A quadratic function cannot be used here.
Do you have the source code?
The use of trust-region algorithms is becoming more and more frequent.
That boy runs too fast.
He is a killer, he should be behind bars!
Where is the key to this room?
I didn't suspect anything.
I think I made a mistake.
Oops, I think we forgot Tom.
If we don't keep walking we'll be late.
Tom's name was on the list.
Did you see anything unusual lately?
She shrugged her shoulders.
I'd like to introduce you to my parents.
Mr David seems tired.
May I kiss you?
Don't leave me here alone.
The window opened.
Thank you for your strong support.
Our company will implement new price standards regarding this product.
If there is anything I can do to help your area, please tell me.
Narcissism means 'to be more confident'.
I am sorry to bother you at this time.
My father has never been outside the country until now.
Tom likes to make paper airplanes.
A long queue had formed in front of the shop.
Don't ever underestimate Tom.
I want to go to Germany.
Tom has not been doing very well at work recently.
He was framed by his wife.
"Would you like some tea?" "Yes, please."
The dog couldn't bark.
True friendship is based on mutual trust.
If you go to bed late again, tomorrow you'll wake up with shadows under your eyes.
It's unbelievably beautiful!
He never found out the truth.
We will take the train at eight.
The pirates boarded the ship.
I know that some of your students don't like you.
"Would you like some tea?" "Yes, please."
I threw away my shoes.
Tom is in the living room, sleeping on the couch.
I'm going to bed. Good night.
It'll take a long time.
Where is the hotel?
Tom and Mary ended 30 years of marriage.
Mary is the youngest of the three sisters.
People are not willing to lend money to people who aren't trustworthy.
Ireland is a very beautiful country.
John chased Mary.
John chased Mary.
The cat is old.
The old dog barked.
The dog barked softly.
Did the dog bark?
There's a doghouse in the yard.
That only happens in the movies.
I've never cut their hair.
Well, I can cross that off my bucket list.
He asked me to do what I can to hook them up.
I live in Antalya.
It's hard to say.
You two are harshing my marshmellow.
I'm jumping to the worst-case scenario.
Number 26 is already reserved, sorry.
A flag is a national symbol.
Greece is a beautiful country.
I want a pint of beer.
I am eating a slice of watermelon.
My sleigh is white.
This is the best way to die.
Caution! Wet floor.
He truly loves me.
It really is very annoying.
Is this a stallion or a mare?
How much sugar do we need?
Tom asked me to tell you he didn't plan on going to Boston with you.
Tom would never have let us go if Mary hadn't gone with us.
The weather report says we'll get three inches of snow.
Tom said he wasn't ready, but Mary said she was.
Do you know if Tom has spoken to Mary recently?
Tom wondered why there was a dog in his house.
I'm stuck here in Boston because of the storm.
I'm not sure, but I think I know where to go.
I thought we were going to do this together.
I'm afraid I wouldn't be very good company.
I'll let you know when I've figured it out.
I have a few friends who speak French well.
Tom and Mary switched places on the bench.
Tom said he wanted to play poker with us.
Tom blew out all the candles on the cake.
We don't expect Tom to live much longer.
Tom wants to know what we're doing here.
Tom said he'd think about my suggestion.
I worked three years as Tom's assistant.
Tom was a bit puzzled by Mary's answer.
I'm not particularly thirsty right now.
I'm not letting Tom do this by himself.
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
Tom knows nothing about the situation.
It looks like Tom has a crush on Mary.
I'd like to speak with you in private.
We'll ask Tom and see what he thinks.
Tom wants children, but Mary doesn't.
Tom didn't even notice Mary had gone.
Tom took his keys out of his pocket.
I'm sorry, could you say that again?
I'm going to see Tom in the morning.
I don't care if you trust me or not.
I'm trying to think of better plan.
I was talking about something else.
Tom didn't want to work in Boston.
I'm sure Tom wanted to come along.
Tom hoped that Mary wouldn't die.
I'm really looking forward to it.
I'm never coming back here again.
I'm going to help you rescue Tom.
I wrote down the address for you.
I won't know until I talk to Tom.
You're the only one I can trust.
Tom's good, but not good enough.
I'm going to tell you the truth.
I'm asking what your opinion is.
I thought we had agreed on this.
I gave Tom a going-away present.
Tom won't let you in his house.
Tom put his keys in his pocket.
I'm starting to agree with you.
I'm going to see what I can do.
I'm going to change my clothes.
I wish Tom could've been there.
How long will the meeting last?
Have you seen all these movies?
Have you seen all these movies?
I'm going to be a millionaire.
I'm glad you liked my friends.
I'm glad you liked my friends.
I'm asking you what you think.
I wonder if I can do it again.
I was the last one to see Tom.
You've told Tom, haven't you?
You're about three days late.
Tom owes Mary a lot of money.
I'm on my way back to Boston.
I'm no longer your assistant.
I was just talking about Tom.
I was just about to call you.
I thought you said something.
When does Tom eat breakfast?
Tom sat at his desk working.
Tom probably knew who I was.
Tom had a drink in his hand.
I'm really glad you're here.
I'm not sure Tom would help.
I'm going to check upstairs.
I'll tell you the truth now.
I'll tell Tom you said that.
I'll pay you back next week.
I'll get started right away.
I don't know if I can do it.
Your time is running out.
What's your husband's name?
We have a little time left.
Tom, your life's in danger.
Tom needed to wash his car.
Tom had a decision to make.
I'm still angry about that.
I'm sitting here in my car.
I'll send a message to Tom.
I'll get in touch with Tom.
I'll be able to assist you.
I'd better do it right now.
I wish I could talk to you.
I wish I could go with you.
You've walked into a trap.
Tom, you've got to get up.
Tom won't know what to do.
Tom knows we aren't happy.
Tom died three months ago.
I'm sure they can hear us.
I wouldn't try that again.
I was struck by lightning.
We'll be late for dinner.
We go to school together.
Tom wouldn't hurt anyone.
Tom wants to be the boss.
I'm sure you'll do great.
I'm going to go tell Tom.
I'm going to go sit down.
I'll get you some coffee.
I tried to call Tom back.
What's Tom's blood type?
Tom runs faster than me.
Tom put down his pencil.
Tom picked up the knife.
Tom kissed Mary's cheek.
Tom is watching a video.
Tom is a little worried.
Tom got on the airplane.
The music was very loud.
That was you, wasn't it?
I'm still the boss here.
I'm glad you were right.
I'll join you all later.
I'd do anything for Tom.
I'd be crazy to do that.
I work in this building.
You're a celebrity now.
Tom was not apologetic.
Tom picked up a pencil.
Tom looked for his pen.
Tom is too old to work.
Tom is taller than you.
Tom didn't know anyone.
Tom asked me about you.
I'm the one who's sick.
I'm here to assist you.
I'm going to miss that.
I'll tell Tom tomorrow.
I'll have another beer.
I'd rather be with you.
You've got to wake up.
You weren't here then.
Tom watched in horror.
Tom snickered at Mary.
Tom is very angry now.
Tom got ready for bed.
Tom called the police.
I'm used to it by now.
I'm grateful for that.
I'm almost sure of it.
I'll let Tom tell you.
I'd say you earned it.
I told Tom what to do.
How was the interview?
What's in the closet?
What're you watching?
Tom, we have to talk.
Tom turned up the TV.
I'm willing to share.
I'm the one you want.
I'm not turning back.
I'm coming home, Tom.
I'll help you escape.
I was somewhere else.
What're you reading?
Tom saw Mary crying.
Tom made a sandwich.
I told Tom I was OK.
How was the seminar?
How was the fishing?
You know I'm right.
We know our rights.
Tom has an old car.
I'm making a movie.
I'm losing my grip.
I'm glad it's over.
I'll just sit here.
I'll get some help.
I'll call Tom back.
I was quite hungry.
I want to sit down.
Tom was very sick.
Tom loves flowers.
They were worried.
Obey your parents.
I'm on Tom's side.
I'll go by myself.
I wrote it myself.
I think I'll stay.
I'm not so brave.
Tom was a nurse.
Scary, isn't it?
I woke up early.
I was a doctor.
What about me?
I was so cold.
Tom was full.
Can we do it?
The children haven't studied division yet.
Tom is a distant relative of mine.
The problem is, he has no money.
Studying is a step-by-step process.
The most enlightened way of living is to despise social conventions while at the same time living your life in conformity to them.
One of the reasons that we love nature is that, unlike ourselves, nature is not envious or deceitful.
Don't forget that animals sometimes can be human-like.
Life is like a marathon, where short-term gains and losses are not significant in and of themselves.
We will never be able to return to the way things were in the past.
You can't criticize her every action based on one single mistake.
Wanna hang out tonight?
Who's next?
It's really bad for your eyes.
Sorry for telephoning you so early.
Sorry for calling you so early.
I sent this letter to my grandfather.
He mentioned a problem.
So what should I do now?
This is only a horse.
I am afraid that if I take this new job, I won't do succeed at it.
Are you sure you wouldn't like anything else?
I wonder if you are as busy as we are.
I'm sorry I didn't call.
I have no clue.
You know that's not right.
The weather is so hot, I just don't want to go out.
He did not resist.
Your room is very big.
Your room is very big.
It was rainy for three days.
Because American dramas are very bloody, he doesn't like watching them.
They consider themselves our equals.
Everyone who isn't us is an enemy.
In a struggle of power, if you aren't with us, you're against us.
Don't expect miracles.
I don't have time to play games with you.
We go to the theater once every two weeks.
As the story advances, the mystery unravels.
Oh, really?
No one escaped alive.
I know that you still want to be with me.
I'm really looking forward to seeing Tom again.
Those who know won't say, and those who will don't know.
The store sells fruit and vegetables.
The store sells fruits and vegetables.
Did you know that the proper EMT response to a prolapsed uterus is to make a gloved fist and shove the uterus and your fist itself up the vagina? Also, once you've done that, you're stuck in that position until you get to the hospital!
Suddenly unable to make up her mind, she didn't know what to do.
Tom left the umbrella on the bus.
You'll get used to living alone very quickly.
Does it matter to you how much it costs?
We think alike.
Don't try to do this by yourself.
So he didn't go to school.
She doesn't know anything about me.
Some are good, some aren't.
Remind me again what we've been discussing up to now?
The boss is there?
I don't want to look stupid.
I saw him reading a book.
I want to show you something in my office.
Can you take Tom to the hospital?
Please be careful when crossing the street.
It rarely snows in this area.
Do I sound like an idiot if I talk like this?
It's not legal for people under 20 to drink in Canada.
What was it we were talking about?
The battery has run out of power.
I went to the cinema yesterday.
What does a Sovietologist study?
For some reason she didn't come home last night.
Haven't you chosen?
And I thought you could smoke here.
You are my saviour.
Walking to the office is not a good idea when it's blistering hot out.
Tom's the only guy in this class.
I hear that keeping yourself hydrated at appropriate times can help prevent heatstroke.
The child of the lady next door is already seven years old.
She once proudly stated that she was going to lose 5 kilos of fat in a single month.
The child next door has to attend three different extra classes every month.
I was calm until I saw the syringe.
Please, calm down!
She is overly competitive.
She's the kind of person who likes to turn everything into a competition.
Having a competitive mentality can give rise to negative emotions.
I like soups with lots of vegetables.
She is too tired to study.
I was at home most of the day yesterday.
Where there's good, there's also bad.
Tom admitted to killing Mary.
Sometimes I find that I basically have no time to pay attention to irrelevant trivia.
Impulsiveness is the devil.
It's a beautiful painting.
I think I'll be able to deal with that.
From what I understand, those who watch Korean soap operas basically are women with nothing to do.
There is a mistake in the sentence.
We should always try to help others.
I would still like to hear Tom's opinion before coming to a conclusion.
The lion followed the trainer's commands.
The king is naked!
Be careful. It's very sharp.
She is full of potential.
You're original.
I can speak Spanish fluently.
I'm a professional photographer.
Are you working tomorrow?
I went to London.
I went to London.
I ate the meat.
I don't have two cats.
I'm Chinese.
This is a fish.
I'm Russian.
This is my comment.
He gave me a postcard.
I am taking Tom on a boat trip tomorrow.
All you need to know is explained in this book.
Be careful when working with a hoe.
This wasn't such a good idea after all.
This book is so cool.
I know you're bothered.
Why did you buy a Japanese car?
I need glue.
It'll be cloudy.
I burned the paper.
I just want to hug you.
Don't ever talk to me again!
At my house, I have nowhere to study - it's too noisy there.
He explained the rules to me.
My uncle is playing the guitar.
My country is far from Japan.
These paintings are beautiful.
There are too many people there.
You too.
There are many hotels in the city's business district.
I speak Arabic.
The cat is drinking your milk.
He painted the barn.
He ate the apple.
I go to the church on Sundays.
She maintains that her analysis is correct.
Building a new house cost a lot of money.
It must be around here somewhere.
My watch has stopped.
I've heard it said that there is no way for you to ever reach native proficiency in a language if you haven't started studying it before the age of twelve.
What language do people speak in America?
Which team won the match really isn't important.
This species of butterfly has already gone extinct.
Moscow is the capital of Russia.
It was lucky I was able to speak to Tom before he left for Boston.
The most logical place to keep your shoes is near the door.
Tom is wearing the same clothes he wore yesterday.
Tom said it was cold in Boston this time of year.
Tom could've figured that out without any help.
I had no idea there'd be this many people here.
We have more important things to do right now.
Tom opened the shoebox and took out the shoes.
Tom knows I want to leave as soon as possible.
Tom found the key that he thought he'd lost.
Tom and Mary have been here for three hours.
Tom doesn't remember where he put his keys.
We have one of your friends here with us.
Tom stayed at this hotel for three weeks.
Tom didn't have enough time to eat lunch.
You've never had a girlfriend, have you?
Tom is a good friend of yours, isn't he?
Is there anything that needs to be done?
Tom and Mary were both born in Boston.
You could've answered that question.
You'll never guess what Tom bought.
We know it was you that killed Tom.
Tom is meeting Mary this afternoon.
Tom and Mary were tired of waiting.
There's only one window in my room.
What were Tom and Mary doing here?
Tom says he feels a little better.
Are you being paid for doing this?
Tom and I were business partners.
Do you have a better explanation?
You said you had important news.
What did you do with your shoes?
Tom had never seen Mary so busy.
Tom gave Mary half of the apple.
You'll be answering the phones.
Why are you wearing that scarf?
Tom is a good friend of Mary's.
It had to be Tom that did that.
What were you doing in Boston?
We're ready for the next step.
Tom wondered what he could do.
Tom is looking for a good job.
Tom doesn't even know my name.
Do we have milk in the fridge?
We'll begin tomorrow morning.
Tom says they need more time.
Tom changed into his uniform.
What were you in prison for?
What did you have for lunch?
What did you have for lunch?
We have all we need for now.
We almost had Tom convinced.
Tom drank some orange juice.
Tom brought Mary some juice.
Tom was there this morning.
Tom gave Mary a flashlight.
Tom drank his orange juice.
Tom didn't know who it was.
Do you need our assistance?
Do you need our assistance?
You'll understand someday.
Tom said it was a diamond.
Tom or somebody said that.
Tom always makes me laugh.
Does Tom have to be there?
What are they doing here?
Tom said Mary was hungry.
Tom is a wanted criminal.
It must be a coincidence.
Why aren't you in there?
What're you doing there?
Tom says he's very rich.
Tom needs encouragement.
Tom knows Mary was here.
You were at my wedding.
What're you looking at?
What are those numbers?
We'll be ready in time.
Was that what Tom said?
Tom was a little drunk.
Tom heard Mary's voice.
We've had it analyzed.
Tom could be Canadian.
Tom can't afford that.
Tell us your thoughts.
What's your nickname?
What are they saying?
What are they saying?
Tom said he was sick.
Tom drank some juice.
Have you been eating?
Do you have a garage?
You need a vacation.
Who is your brother?
Where did you study?
What do you do here?
What are your names?
Tom's eyes are blue.
Tom was on the list.
Tom knows it's over.
Tom gave us nothing.
Tom decided to stay.
Tom cares about you.
It hasn't been easy.
I was pretty hungry.
You could say that.
Were you a soldier?
Tom died in battle.
Put your guns down.
You need to leave.
Why didn't you go?
What's Tom saying?
We need more food.
Tom made a choice.
This is Tom's car.
Shame on you guys.
It was our secret.
Do you have a job?
Tom did it again.
Listen to me, OK?
How did Tom know?
Do you have a TV?
Where is it now?
What do we want?
Tom was at home.
See you tonight.
I'm very lonely.
I'm always busy.
Could you do it?
Tom has a plan.
Were you busy?
We'll be busy.
Don't forget to take the first-aid kit.
I can't find my keys anywhere.
He has a face only a mother could love.
What planet are you from?
We work in a factory.
I read a book.
I drank the coffee.
I live in Qatar.
Do you have a dictionary?
I like eating seafood.
Man is business difficult!
The capital of Sweden is Stockholm.
The mooncake is a kind of Chinese snack.
Can you tell me how to get to the train station?
Can you tell me how to get to the train station?
I think the job's very occupying.
I think that you sleep very well.
Her diamond is sparkling under the light.
What's his job?
Is that a paper?
Ken has a lot more books than you.
There are no hats in that store that fit me.
A man can't escape his past.
I went to the hospital.
She's quite wealthy.
Creationism is pseudoscience.
Going to bed early and waking up early is very good both for your health and appearance.
Tom is on the go day and night.
Tom has a very friendly smile.
Could you possibly suggest a way to solve the problem?
What's the problem with your computer?
I don't think I really have a problem.
Let's get to work on that problem.
My problem is I don't trust you.
Stop looking for problems, Tom.
Tom has got his own problems.
Are there problems at home?
We've got another problem.
The problem's been solved.
We have a problem here.
The problem isn't Tom.
Look, it's my problem.
You don't need to thank me.
So as to avoid being late, we went by car.
There's nothing more painful than losing one's child.
The young man I met yesterday is named Tony.
I've found a way to overcome my habit of always picking fault with others.
I was just trying to protect you.
I really like seafood.
There are many trees growing in front of the library.
I have a pair of red shoes.
We need to buy vinegar.
I suggest that he come to Poland a bit earlier.
I'm often here.
I know that you're very angry.
The beer glass is almost bigger than you are.
The beer mug is almost bigger than you are.
Tom pulled a fast one on you.
Neither of them are pretty.
Sometimes, he's very strange.
He wants to get married right away.
It's not blood - it's ketchup.
The short skirt is out of fashion.
It didn't actually happen.
Tom works in Boston.
Why didn't you bring your hat today?
Because she is twenty-five years old, she gets married.
She really hates him.
Thinking about her future, she is unsettled.
She awoke him.
His explanation really isn't clear.
The moonlight is really beautiful.
Will you buy something?
I'm reading your book.
I'm reading your book.
You're already there, right?
It's possible that you don't know this.
Both you and I are men.
The plane is ready.
We have a new neighbour.
I love passion fruit juice.
Children are the flowers of our lives.
Better run away immediately!
My cousin is so steeped in schoolwork that his friends call him bookworm.
After skiing, I find that I have a voracious appetite.
I still love him.
I still love her.
This soccer match is full of energetic and splendid competition.
Welcome to China!
Welcome to China!
Welcome to China!
What accent have I got?
What are you unhappy about?
Self-confidence is the principal element of any great endeavor.
These shoes are killing me.
Kyoto and Boston are sister cities.
Tom can keep a secret.
He has seven sons.
Sorry, but I can't hear you very well.
I'm afraid this is an incorrect formulation of the question.
He's an idiot sometimes.
What happened that night?
I can neither confirm nor deny that.
Stay away from this guy.
He wants to pay off his loan.
I'm Francesco.
Please take care of your body.
These dirty socks stink.
I want to be a journalist.
I have a photo of my girlfriend on my nightstand.
The cook chopped the meat.
There's a bottle of white wine in the refrigerator.
Tom seems to speak French better than before.
I'll deal with this problem as soon as I can.
You're the only one who can protect them.
Tom will probably never be late again.
You seem to be waiting for somebody.
We're both here for the same reason.
It's bad manners to point at people.
We have a door between our offices.
Do you really believe that story?
There's no chance of rain today.
You'll miss me when I'm gone.
Tom is resting at the moment.
I won't allow you to do that.
Do you actually believe that?
You seem to know everything.
Tom seems a little confused.
That's not important, is it?
Tom can't be older than me.
I have more money than Tom.
What's Tom so angry about?
We're next-door neighbors.
We'll meet in three hours.
Are you having problems?
They're both artists.
You're always late.
You're a good cook.
I'm out of time.
It's eight o'clock.
I have two sons.
I want to go to school.
This can also cause lung cancer.
I helped mom cook.
Wait for me until I write you.
It is a good idea.
Say it again, please.
I am going to water the horse.
You've done good work so far.
Smoking is prohibited.
They didn't pay me.
You should've never interfered.
I've woken up and I intend to prepare my breakfast.
Tom just never should've done that.
He was sitting there.
Brazil is the biggest country in South America.
Where do you want to go today?
How can you do this to me?
Mathematics is the language with which God has written the universe.
I want to go to school and study hard.
What are you guys doing?
Smokers die young.
She probably studied in France, as she speaks French fluently.
Pinocchio, apologize for that, or look out!
He majored in literature at the university.
He left the building at about 6 p.m.
If you prick us, do we not bleed?
She decided to enter the room.
Oh, what have I done? What have I done?
Everyone likes Tom.
Tom lost his credibility.
It seems that Tom is lying.
I think I'm getting sick.
What are the advantages and drawbacks of this method?
There's a beach party tonight.
If it’s sold out, then just forget it.
If it's sold out, just forget about it.
If you don't like it, don't eat it.
If they hadn’t noticed, there wouldn’t have been any problems.
He’ll say if he doesn’t agree.
If he doesn't agree, he can just say so.
If you don’t give it back to him, he’ll be angry!
I would go if I were you.
If I am busy then I may arrive late.
If I were rich, I would go travelling everywhere.
If we’d arrived ten minutes earlier, we would’ve made it onto the plane.
She went to Shanghai by train.
He grew up in Germany.
They got here yesterday.
We moved house last year.
She graduated in 1996.
She went travelling with her friend.
We went to Korea by plane.
I used a knife to cut the cake.
She went secretly.
I went to middle school in Japan.
We met in Xi'an.
I've come here to study Chinese.
This computer cost three thousand dollars.
My grandma gave me this necklace.
It was Lao Zhang that told me this story.
I didn't go to Hong Kong by plane.
It wasn't you who told me about this.
It wasn't in Vietnam that I learnt Vietnamese.
Did he get here last term?
Did he go to Hangzhou with his dad?
Did you see him in the park?
Did you see him at the park?
Did you just get here?
Did he write it with a pencil?
Did you meet in Seoul?
When did she go to Mongolia?
Where did you meet?
Who told you about this?
I came to Beijing last month.
He wrote the letter with a fountain pen.
I ate in the canteen.
I bought the pig yesterday.
We met in Shanghai.
I bought the pig yesterday.
How is this dish made?
Should I register for that class?
Can I register for that class?
Tom tried to control his emotions.
Thank you for your chocolate.
Tom jumped up from his chair.
See how high you can jump.
I want some orange juice.
Tom probably knows how to get to Mary's house.
Tom probably knows someone who can teach us French.
Tom probably knows where we can get something to eat around here.
Tom probably knows why the meeting was postponed.
Tom probably doesn't know why the picnic was canceled.
Dad uses fire to roast a chicken.
I like them.
What's your favorite soda?
I want a dog.
Majority of his clientele are poor people.
Poor cat! She can't catch the nimble mouse.
Did you ever try?
I already have this book.
He has not yet done his homework, so his teacher begins to worry about him.
The calf should be separated from its mother.
Ever since his father died, David is very sad.
Compared with him, she is very noisy.
Not everyone likes to drink tea, take me for example, I like coffee.
Tom is reading an essay.
You may use a dictionary while taking this test.
When do you close?
Don't forget to clock out before you leave work.
There's a train station in Japan where the station master is a cat.
After Tom lost his job, he started to gamble to cope with his depression.
It looks like it'll rain today, too.
Where have you been? We've been looking everywhere for you!
This park is a little kid's paradise.
I tied Tom and Mary's shoes together.
I prefer milk over juice.
Lambs are usually killed before they are one year old and eaten by humans.
The bookcase is level with the table.
Can't you lower your voice?
Stupidity is riding a bike that doesn't have brakes.
Mom, I'm hungry.
This building will be built in the city.
He dressed up as a woman.
There's no sugar.
I'm tall.
She's seventeen.
She's seventeen years old.
I love you, Tom.
The launch was successful. We're now leaving the solar system.
That's your car.
She will work.
He's not here yet.
I'm not a dictator.
I've got one for you.
There is very little water in your coffee.
I don't have any other questions.
Did I tell you I got a new job?
What do you want to do in university?
Is it true or did Tom make that story up?
I'm drinking orange juice.
She's drinking apple juice.
What is the man saying?
What is the woman saying?
Where is the cat sleeping?
What am I eating?
The cheese is yellow.
The cheese is not yellow.
I planted a peach tree in my yard.
She was planting roses when he came.
Did you eat at home before you came here?
I was supposed to go to school.
All animals are equal.
You only have two options.
Tom bumped his head on the roof of the car.
You can't park around here.
Have you chosen a major yet?
I have a cow.
There is a cow in the village.
How many cows are there in the village?
There are two cows in the village.
He gave her everything.
Tom is always absent.
I'm eating soup in the kitchen.
I actually don't have time to deal with these, and its not really any of my business.
My horse is white.
The students are in the classroom.
I am here.
This fish is delicious.
This is a green fish.
The meal is not salty.
My brothers are under the tree.
My sister is a nurse.
The nurse is not here.
I want to become a nurse.
The nurse is ill.
The nurses are in the hospital.
This is a good hospital.
I will eat the orange.
Yesterday I went to the movies.
The beautiful girl is in bed.
What colour is this fish?
We'll leave as soon as you're ready.
Is the door open?
I speak Lakota.
I want the book.
Tom never forgets to give his wife flowers on their wedding anniversary.
I want to eat the cheese.
I want to eat cheese.
Heather believes me.
I am familiar with him.
This must be my book.
That's an original idea.
This is a new experience for Tom.
I'm new at this kind of work.
I'm playing in the garden.
Thank you for the flowers!
Good that you told me, otherwise I would never have remembered it.
I'm degenerating!
Tom has many cats.
Tom will never willingly go there by himself.
Melanie is busy right now.
Melanie is drinking milk.
Melanie is eating an apple.
Tom was a little late.
Tom didn't know that Mary loved him.
What is your favourite colour?
You are a big slacker.
He's bound to forget.
It's my turn to choose where we eat.
The red house is the one that Jack built.
Speak softly.
He went to Urumqi on Monday and came back here the next day.
Tom is a pescatarian.
Tom is a pescatarian.
My boss wants us to take the plane.
I've lost my watch.
He's afraid of that dog.
You know that that's your duty.
This dish has a bit of garlic flavor.
I hope you don't tell her about it.
I hide the true amount from her.
Learning English well is not difficult.
No, I don't want to go.
I am very happy.
Lately, we've entered the dog days of summer.
She died in his arms.
I just want to be happy.
Love is selfish.
Who does the book belong to?
Best wishes from all of us.
The boat was piloted safely into harbor.
You people are no fun at all.
Tom doesn't care about money.
Where are you right now?
Tom is quite drunk now.
Please kill the lights.
Tom should thank me.
Tom studies hard.
Tom stayed home.
I don't want to learn your language.
I want to close the door.
I don't want to open the window.
He didn't use to be like that.
It is exactly three o'clock now.
The cat sleeps on the chair.
I've done everything necessary.
She can come along again anytime.
It was for a dead person rather than a living one that we were searching.
This is really terrible.
He plunged into the lake fully clothed.
Southern men, Northern women.
You're not supposed to be in this area.
Tom quietly closed the bedroom door.
You have a wonderful voice.
You're a wonderful woman.
My grandfather's photograph is on the wall.
Her birthday is May 5th.
My beloved is white and ruddy, chosen out of thousands.
There's a dog close by barking.
My appointment at the hospital completely slipped my mind. Why didn't you remind me?
Two thousand pupils attend school.
The only important things in life are love and work.
What is lurking in the shadows?
Wear whatever you want to wear.
One of us has to go.
Are you going home?
Tom is always daydreaming.
I don't want to.
Emily hates climbing.
She likes seafood.
I learn Nahuatl at my school. I'm Mexican.
We don't do it.
This question is very simple.
My sister worked as a secretary before she got married.
I have a good-paying job with excellent hours.
My brother’s in the army. He was just promoted to the rank of major.
Everything will be alright.
Tom saw the file.
He wants justice.
I'm not saying that what she did was right.
The table had been covered with dust.
She helped me.
He misses Boston.
Tom misses Boston.
Could you do it now?
You gave up.
Mary ruined me.
Do you want to go to bed with me?
She doesn't like her husband.
Karlo has the ability to understand and create.
Tom hates spiders.
Mary knows me.
Are you a vampire?
I'm not disagreeing with you.
I've never seen so much blood in my life.
What would you say to Tom?
What does Tom suggest?
The school expelled him.
That's what Tom promised.
Go get your helmet.
What are you reading now?
How about a sandwich?
Kissing a person who smokes is like licking an ashtray.
That's what Tom requested.
Are we going to lose?
What can Tom do?
I will probably be given a car by my dad and I would feel happy about it if that happened.
Nobody would've gotten hurt if we'd been more careful.
Sometimes you get lucky.
Nobody had the courage to say it to him.
What's going on with you?
What do you think of this one?
I saw the sunrise.
Africa is a very large continent.
What time did you get to bed last night?
She fell of her horse.
You can't park on this street.
Tell Tom I'll be there in a minute.
The classified documents were hidden.
Which team do you think will win?
Oh! I'm not deluding myself!
That's something to be proud of.
Don't eat too much cake.
Do you think Tom is having fun?
That is the essence of the matter.
I don't want that kind of look from you.
Don't look at me like this.
Are they going to fight?
Are you going outside?
Come here, all of you.
Did Tom say who?
Did you get up early?
Do you think that was fair?
Here's an even better one.
How can that be possible?
How did Tom get out of jail?
How did you know all that?
Is it all there?
No one will see us.
Pick up the phone.
Please be ready in fifteen minutes.
Somebody's got to do something.
Someone's been here recently.
Stay out of my business.
Stay out of my kitchen.
That wasn't so hard, was it?
That would be relevant.
That would be unlikely.
The police seem to know exactly where we are.
There's somebody in there.
Tom was very scared.
Tom was very scared.
What's going on with Tom?
When does Tom get here?
When will we go?
Who do you think they were?
My mother is a good woman.
Are you a teacher?
Never speak to me again!
I live in Hungary.
I'm drinking water in the kitchen.
Are you over 18?
You have done it totally incorrect!
This is just wrong.
Cats are smart.
I'm responsible for that.
You can't do anything about that.
This ring has lost its glitter.
My writing desk, a place of dread: an incredible number of incredibly useful drawers - combined with incredibly little legspace.
There's a guy in my yoga class.
I was as sober as a judge.
Let me know when you need me again.
Mary is two months pregnant.
I bought these medications for my father.
How many different kinds of pizzas are on the menu?
How many people know about us?
How many times have you seen this?
How much did you bid?
How much time is left?
I prefer tea over coffee.
This cat is very fat.
Thousands upon thousands of soldiers died in the war.
Thousands upon thousands of soldiers died in the war.
The CEO is very satisfied with the result.
The CEO is very disappointed with the result.
The result is opposite to what we expected.
The result is opposite to our expectations.
The outcome of the test shows that the system has already fulfilled all design requirements.
No one could predict the outcome of this cooperation.
This ticket is made ​​out of paper.
You need to consider the consequences before making any modifications to existing code.
Because of a flaw in the original design, our website is vulnerable to SQL injection attacks.
Due to lack of manpower, we need more time than expectations to handle this task.
As a result of the server breakdown, total PV of yesterday dropped by 30% compared with normal.
In consequence of some badly coded functions, the system is unstable most of the time.
In consequence of a new agreement between two competitors, we need to readjust our strategies.
We have optimized the database indexing, and as a result, system efficiency has improved by 50%.
As a consequence, additional tests must be carried out to ensure complete security.
QA team has discovered a serious bug. In consequence, it is recommended that all works be reviewed from the beginning.
According to latest survey, 99% of employees want a free iPad.
The whole plan is only based on his personal opinions.
The calculation of the budget for next year is based on the costs this year.
Judging from current situations, this project will absolutely succeed.
For the sake of long-term interests, we have decided to sell the development department.
In order to complete the development on schedule, we request that other unrelated tasks be delayed for the moment.
Every function should have comments describing its purpose in order to avoid confusion.
In order to progress the project smoothly, we have revised the plan several times.
Not complying with the naming conventions will result in parse errors.
If small mistakes are not corrected at once, they may lead to serious problems.
We are open to all suggestions regarding the new design of the website.
This new project in Java doesn't concern me at all, because I'm a PHP developer.
He is going to take charge of a project concerning the future of the company.
The infrastructure of an application is directly related to its overall performance.
This process must be stopped immediately, otherwise the server will breakdown.
Our conclusion is based on previous studies into the problem.
We have come to the conclusion that this plan is not feasible currently.
In conclusion, the next step is to decide what we should do for the next step.
A wooden bowl.
This plastic chair is very cheap.
This television is very heavy.
My book is very heavy.
I had to get my tattoo removed.
She deserves to know the truth.
Is this restaurant open?
Does this fit?
I am sorry for disappointing you.
He gave his seat to the old man.
I read his book.
This update will be released at 10 o'clock this morning.
They will contact us before midday today.
They will hold a meeting at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
We shall fix all bugs today before leaving the office.
All bugs should be fixed today before we leave.
The server reboot is scheduled at 9 o'clock this evening.
God save Ukraine!
There is someone in this room.
He said something.
Tomorrow I'm going back home.
Children often wet their beds at night.
The newborn giraffe stumbled around on rickety legs.
This one won't.
Why haven't you replied to me for so long?
I destroyed all the evidence.
Trust me, I'm an engineer!
We apologize for the delay and regret any inconvenience it may have caused.
Since all tasks are completed without delay, we are ready to start next phase of development.
Testing is delayed by two days, as a consequence, we need to reschedule the release date.
Although the accident has delayed progress by one month, we have managed to catch up with the schedule.
The schedule is only slightly affected by this delay.
His speech has had a positive effect on all of his coworkers.
A good programmer will influence everyone around him.
This incident has made a great impact on the progress of the project.
With this upgrade, one obvious impact is that users will be obliged to reset their passwords.
All these new blocks will undoubtedly impact the loading speed of the home page.
Thanks to his great help, we were able to solve the problem in 30 minutes.
I will be back to join you in one month.
According to schedule, this task should be finished within this week.
Once this process is started, we can get the result within one hour.
It is a basic quality of an employee to complete his tasks within a fixed time.
The plan is to recruit 5 Java engineers before the end of next month.
Do not make any modifications before you get confirmations.
This problem was troubling us until last night when we found the cause and fixed it.
Judging from current situations, this task will not be finished until next week.
Firstly, let's check the attendance.
In the first place, I would like to announce several new regulations.
First of all, power off your cellphones and remain silent.
Before anything else, let's welcome a new member to our company.
Secondly, is there any project scheduled to be released today?
Thirdly, each team leader please report your progress.
In addition, we will issue the 'employee of the month' award afterwards.
Lastly, is there anything else to share with the group ?
There is no film in this camera.
The doctors did all they could to control Tom's disease but, sadly, to no avail.
It was reckless of her to trust him.
Give me some water, be so kind.
We're not as young as Tom.
The evil robber in the county who did all kinds of evil bandits is under arrested today, the locals are all happy to hear this, spreading the good news and celebrating for this event !
Rats also have a function. They help to clean the pipes.
Mary is a doctor.
You aren't kids anymore.
I'm sure Tom will do his best.
I barely know her.
I wonder if you understand.
I think Tom probably likes you a lot.
Aren't you hot?
Both Tom and Mary can speak French.
Can I do anything to help?
Could you please lend me thirty dollars?
Do you guys go to the same school?
Do you like pirate movies?
Do you realize what this means?
Give it back.
Has Tom already cleaned his room?
I couldn't prevent Tom from eating all the cookies.
I don't know whether Tom will eat with us or not.
I heard that Tom attempted suicide.
I need to exercise more often.
I spent all day in the library.
I wish that Tom would go home.
I wonder if Tom can help us.
I'm glad we hired you for this job.
I'm not as strong as I used to be.
I've heard that name somewhere before.
If Tom doesn't do what he's supposed to do, please let me know.
Is it true that Tom wants to paint his house green?
Is Tom able to speak French?
It could be just a coincidence.
It sounds like a good idea.
Mary carries pepper spray in her purse.
Maybe Tom just got nervous.
We can do more than they can.
We can do nothing.
We have no choice but to risk it.
We know the identity of Tom's killer.
We owe you an apology.
We swam until it got dark.
We'll probably be the first ones there.
We're both reasonable people.
We're having difficulty locating Tom.
We're preparing to do so.
We're very disappointed in you.
We've had this discussion before.
What was that you just said?
Why don't we get out of here?
You can no longer hurt me.
You have to go to the meeting.
You sing like an angel.
You two should get married.
You're taller than most of Tom's friends.
You're the one who quit.
Tom and I are in the same class.
Tom and I have known each other for a long time.
Tom and I know each other quite well.
Tom and I see each other every day at school.
Tom apologized to Mary for his rudeness.
Tom asked a few questions.
Tom asked for food.
Tom asked Mary to buy a gift for John.
Tom asked me if I liked chocolate.
Tom asked me if I was tired.
Tom begged his father to buy him a new bicycle.
Tom came up with an answer to our problem.
Tom comes here every now and then.
Tom deleted his Facebook account.
Tom didn't actually see what happened.
Tom didn't attend the meeting.
Tom didn't say a single word.
Tom doesn't eat pork.
Tom has already hired a new lawyer.
Tom is a very talented writer.
Tom owes us a favor.
Tom poured himself another glass of wine.
Tom probably wanted to go swimming.
Tom put down his paintbrush.
Tom sat at his desk, pretending to study.
Tom seems to be a fairly successful businessman.
Tom took the concert ticket Mary offered him.
Tom was dressed like a pirate.
Tom was injured in the blast.
Tom was sitting alone at one of the tables near the door.
Mary reminds me of my mother.
He's not an unreasonable man.
You should have stayed in the car.
Tom has lived here since 2003.
The proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains.
I had a really bad nightmare last night.
I want to go to the store.
I don't care what you say, I hate you!
Her good looks gained her the favor of many men.
I didn't want to humiliate you.
I have a lot to learn from you.
Is there any mail for me today?
The world tolerates conceit from those who are successful, but not from anybody else.
When the lights went out, Tom lit a candle.
Call me if you need anything.
Trees are plants.
Is that the station?
There are more girls than boys at our school.
Please repeat.
Thank you for telling me the truth.
I tried to write with the left hand.
I used to eat pizza, but now I don't.
When I met Anka in Bucharest she was studying.
Monkeys are fond of banana.
You seem to ask Tom a lot of questions.
Go away from the window.
Go away from the window.
Who were you speaking with?
With whom were you speaking?
Tom was like a member of our family.
It's very hot in this room.
Tom is anxious to see you.
Please come back home as soon as you can.
Are these your daughters?
Tom waited for Mary in front of the warehouse.
It's one of the reasons.
How many hours a day do you sleep?
Most people brush their teeth at least two times a day.
They'll be jealous.
Thanks for calling me.
I want to live in Tampa.
Everyone is talking about Tom.
Does anyone else have any advice?
Where were these pictures taken at?
I'm almost finished reading this book.
She says he will not give up smoking.
Is this your first time in Korea?
I can not sleep well.
Everything has two sides. Fanatics only see one.
Everything has two sides. Fanatics only see one.
My boyfriend and I had sex on the first date.
He's rather handsome.
I don't know the end of the story.
I don't want to talk about myself.
Tom didn't write back to Mary.
Unfortunately, I can't afford to buy everything I need right now.
How can you afford a place like this?
I'll send a letter to my mother.
Onwards, to glory!
Who do you think we are?
Let's skip out before Tom gets back.
Don't slip on the ice.
What was the situation in Boston?
Tom visited Boston last year.
Tom knows you better than he knows anyone else.
Tom is living somewhere in Boston.
Tom is leaving Boston tomorrow.
Tom is going to help us.
Tom has his own problems.
Tom has been uncooperative.
Tom has been gone for ages.
Tom doesn't even have a driver's license.
Tell Tom what you heard.
I, too, have been to Boston many times.
I was in Boston last month.
How long are you going to be in Boston?
Have you spoken with Tom?
Are you absolutely certain about this?
What will it take to bring him down?
There's no reason to be afraid.
I was like that when I was younger.
Have you seen that river?
My parents teach me to abide by my promises.
We can rest.
She has a bit of a bad temper.
We all fell asleep.
She really does like animals.
He already knew about it.
The library is the meeting place of all human dreams.
Tom's definitely not stupid. He's stupid lazy.
Don't you want to know the reason?
Which book are you reading?
I'll be flying to Boston.
Some beaches had failed to comply with environmental regulations.
Tom climbed over the wall.
Did you hear about what's happened to Tom?
I'm folding my dress.
I'm really sorry about what happened last night.
It doesn't matter what you think.
I want to talk to your uncle.
Someone ate all my cupcakes.
He is my youngest brother.
We've spent too much time here.
Do you have anything to remove stains?
The tall woman is beautiful.
I wasn't implying anything.
She stirred her coffee with a teaspoon.
You love your own body.
Their relationship is dubious.
See you in two days.
I don't really use Facebook that much.
You've had a very restless night.
Ha ha, I just dreamt that I won five million RMB.
I had a really weird dream yesterday.
Sleep well tonight. Sweet dreams.
Argh, I was so embarrassed today. I wore my clothes inside-out.
You're holding the book upside-down. This is upside-down and this is right-side up.
Driver, you're driving in the opposite direction. I want to go east. Why are you driving west?
I often wonder if he'll suddenly appear at that coffee shop on the corner.
Did something happen between the two of you? Why hasn't he been coming to pick you up recently?
If a tiger suddenly appeared in front of me, I'd be scared to death.
Suddenly, he took out a ring, kneeled on the ground, and asked me to marry him.
Yesterday a friend of mine that I hadn't seen in years gave me a call out of the blue asking to borrow money.
The weather was great just a moment ago. How is it suddenly raining now?
You ask me how deep my love is for you? The moon represents my heart.
Do you know what it means for a man to give a woman perfume?
I represent all of the students in the class when I thank you for the help that you've given us.
What kind of reaction did you have when he came looking for you?
She was really upset at the time. She cried in the dorm the entire day.
I wasn't in the office then. I don't know what happened.
The Olympics are starting today. What are you feeling?
Ah, it's almost time for exams. I'm dead!
Hurry up or we'll be late.
The World Cup is going to start on the 11th.
Hurry up. We're about to pass that car up ahead.
I am Wang Wei.
So this is your company?
It's really pretty here.
If you don't let me go, I'll still go.
This is really good. Buy this one.
It seems he's gotten thinner lately.
You're really getting prettier and prettier.
She's getting married next month.
Go straight home.
Tom glanced at the clock on the wall.
Today's meeting is very important.
The parents value their children's education.
"Tom, I have to tell you something. I love someone. His name starts with T and ends with M." "Er, who would that be? Is it someone I know?"
There are deep wrinkles on his face.
I don't want to be friends with you.
A variety of books are displayed there.
We handle all type of books, both new and old.
What is the meaning of this joke?
Actions are successfully achieved with deliberation but ruined by carelessness.
Tom looked at his reflection in the mirror.
I don't remember anything about the incident.
I was very sober at the time.
They both fell in love with the same woman.
Academic fraud is more common than you might think.
If you can read this, it means that you can speak one language!
The carpenter brought his tools along.
Let's go to the movies.
Let them decide.
I can't eat this much food.
Tom went into the kitchen and poured himself a cup of coffee.
It doesn't matter what you do.
I have already waited nearly half an hour.
I've already waited nearly half an hour.
Do you have a woollen blanket?
I find the problem easier than I originally believed it to be.
I find this problem easier than I originally thought.
It is raining right now, but I want to go out.
I want to quickly confirm my flight again.
He has many valuable paintings.
Can't you help me look for my wallet?
What is the weather like?
People should sleep at least 7 hours each night.
Happy International Women's Day!
Do you want to die here?
He left his glasses at our place.
Gimme three.
This moment will nap, you will have a dream; But this moment study,you will interpret a dream.
Tom put a stack of letters on Mary's desk.
I hope this is the right one.
I've already told Tom he can't go to Mary's party.
This is all the money I have on me.
I'm grateful for what Tom did.
Don't you like my yellow scarf?
Are you going to come back?
Could you come up here?
I've never lived on a farm, but both of my parents grew up on farms.
I love spending time with Tom.
They've been looking for the plane for eight days, without success.
Tom wasn't thirsty.
The stage was sprinkled with flower petals.
Can you please give me something to do?
I hope Tom isn't angry.
I wish I could stop thinking about Tom.
He spoke to me in German.
The boy scratched his ear.
Everyone has something that's troubling him.
Take a picture with your phone.
I met Tom for the first time three days ago.
It's almost time for Tom to go.
Tell Tom everything is fine.
Things are getting out of control.
Did you hear what I said?
I used to hate cooking, but now I like it.
Tom looks a bit sick.
Tom is in prison for a crime he didn't commit.
I think I may have made a big mistake.
Would you like a tour?
I think Tom really likes Mary.
Would you like to know how I did that?
Mercury is the smallest of the eight planets in the Solar System.
Saturn is the second largest planet in the Solar System.
How long's Tom been sick?
Why do you think Tom doesn't like it?
The excited children couldn’t go to sleep all night long.
Can you be more specific?
I've already been working here for several hours.
I took a shower.
Here's how we do it.
The girl drinks orange juice.
I suggest we move to a safer location.
Actually, I'm not suggesting anything.
I suggest you turn around and go back home.
Are there any other suggestions?
Who do you suggest we talk to?
Nature is full of mysteries.
What happened to Tom could happen to you.
What happened in the park?
Do you know why it's happening?
I have a dull pain in my temples and my mind feels like its covered with a thin layer of fog.
The soul is made up of reason, determination, and passion.
There is a place in this world where we cannot and must not set foot. Knowing of this existence, to accept it and show it the greatest reverence is the first step to belief.
There is nothing which exacts a higher price than revenge, yet is so futile.
In my soul there are many places that are cynical and arrogant, but at its core, it fears the darkness and is as week as a sheep.
In China, the history began thirty years ago; we can't know what happened any farther back than thirty years.
An idea not properly analized is not worth to exploit, the same as a life without self judgment is not worth to be lived.
A thousand deaths will still be less than he deserves.
Life is a magnificent gown full of lice.
Moral evil is the result of ignorance.
Philosophy is not a written subject, but a way of life.
Everything has been suspected and been inspected; thoughts have no boundaries.
They'll let us know what happens.
It happened in the blink of an eye.
What happened here was unavoidable.
I'm drinking milk.
The milk is sour.
Do you really believe that's what happened?
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
Each day our life becomes more comfortable and more automated.
Music is well said to be the speech of angels.
Give me your sandwich.
The horse is black.
The horse is white.
On which counter can I make my appointment?
Tom was questioned by the police.
Tom asked Mary some questions, but she refused to answer them.
Let me ask a stupid question.
I have a question I need to ask you.
I asked Tom a few questions.
Did the police ever question you?
The horse is not white.
Tom suggested that I change the lock on my door.
His book is red.
This should be attempted.
Where has Dad gone?
I'm doubling my prices.
You live in Boston now, don't you?
When I first came back to Boston, I was really lonely.
Tom found a job in Boston.
They're still in Boston.
You've got a great memory.
Dad just now went out.
For one's health, both work and play are necessary.
Nobody has seen God.
I have no time to have a rest.
Cuba is located in the Americas.
We spent three hours to come to this conclusion.
I think I'm coming down with a fever.
I have two cats: one is white and the other is black.
The Greeks invented a theoretical model of geometry.
I came to know this from some reliable sources.
Yesterday I read an article about acid rain.
He told his wife to stop impulsively shopping.
John, you've been working too hard. Have a seat and rest awhile.
This publisher specializes in children's literature.
Price reflects demand.
Has he already finished his homework?
Tom doesn't talk with anyone.
Tom won't let me buy any more stuff.
Tom went to Boston to buy a painting.
Tom helped Mary buy everything she needed.
That's the reason I bought this book.
People have been buying me drinks all night.
Would you give me a hint?
Who gave them to you?
What's Tom given us?
We never gave up.
So, what'll you give me?
I gave Tom one of those.
Give Tom back his money.
Give Tom any help you can.
Give Tom a chair.
Give me your location.
Give me the report.
You have to give Tom more time.
Great progress has been made.
The Romans latinized Gaul.
Have you given Tom everything?
Did Tom give any other suggestions?
Tom ate only one sandwich.
Do you want to eat this?
Are you going to meet Jane tonight?
My parents are going to buy a new CD.
Put your weapon down.
Put the box down.
Tom put his hand over the microphone.
Tom put a cover over his car.
Did you drink tea yesterday?
Tom drank my apple juice.
I like your way of thinking.
Has my father already come back?
How come your fingerprints are on this glass?
Tom said I was the only one who believed him.
We've got to get you some help.
Tom was afraid to ask for help.
Tom helped me fix my watch.
Tom has never been willing to help us before.
I heard you were injured trying to help Tom.
He didn't pass the exam, but it doesn't bother him.
I am proud of my punctuality.
Why do all the guys like her?
The stone is heavy.
You're the one with all the money.
Tom was the one that told us about the problem.
Tom was the last one off the bus.
Tom is the one, isn't he?
Tom is the one I want.
Tom is the one I saw.
Which one are you referring to?
This one's still alive.
The next one's for you.
Let me try another one.
What you said about Tom isn't true.
Do you know where Tom is waiting for us?
We know why you came here.
She will forever live on in our memories.
Do you all want me to bring you anything?
Please write me at name@email.com.
It is not just to prefer strength to good wisdom.
Tom doesn't eat red meat.
You ask too many questions.
What'll you give Tom?
Tom went abroad.
Tom was humble.
Tom used to work here.
Tom runs fast.
Tom felt his heart beating faster.
Tom encouraged his son to study French.
There's nothing you can do for Tom.
I think Tom is athletic.
I saw you kissing Tom.
I forgot to ask Tom.
Do you think Tom is wealthy?
Do you think Tom is too young?
Tom mostly kept to himself.
This is a bird sanctuary.
Tom kept me waiting all afternoon.
It's already time for us to go.
Millie is eating an apple.
He lives in England.
Are you still living with your parents?
You're afraid to sleep, aren't you?
Tom slept with his shoes on.
You must've been asleep.
You should try this.
You must think I'm stupid.
You need to let me handle this.
What do we have to do?
I need to complete it as soon as possible.
Maybe we should talk.
Did Tom talk to Mary?
Why can't we talk now?
We saw Tom talking to Mary.
Who were they talking about?
You should talk directly to Tom.
Tom didn't want to talk to anyone.
Tom is busy now and can't talk with you.
Let's talk about what you did in Boston.
We need to talk about that as soon as possible.
Should I help you?
Just let Tom speak.
Tom and Mary spoke on the phone.
I still can't speak French.
Tom laughed for no reason.
I think Tom is talented.
Tom thinks I'm too young.
I think Tom is optimistic.
I think Tom's an idiot.
I think I know who it is.
Stay out of my room.
Stay right here and relax.
Tom isn't planning to stay.
Tom, you'd better stay here.
You can stay here if you like.
We can't stay in here very long.
It would've been better if you'd stayed with Tom.
Tom refused to pay the bill.
How are we going to pay for that?
You're not even paying attention.
It was the morning rush hour, and there were a lot of passing pedestrians and cars.
As everyone stood guard silently, someone ran to the corner of the street and called over a police officer.
It's not.
I've never told anyone about this.
We are responsible in front of the law.
It's a pity you don't know how to dance!
Is there anything you can't do?
I almost forgot my lunch.
You can tell us.
Tell them we're coming.
Tell me more about Tom.
Tom told me what to say.
Tell me what this means.
I could've told you that.
Tom told me where he lived.
That's not what I told Tom.
Tell me how you're feeling.
What did you tell your boss?
Tom told me he was Canadian.
Hasn't Tom told you anything?
Tell me what you use this for.
Please tell me everything's OK.
Could you tell me where Tom is?
Thanks for telling me the truth.
Tell Tom I need to borrow his car.
I was the one who had to tell Tom.
Tell Tom what Mary asked you to do.
At least tell me where you're going.
Did Tom tell you it was an emergency?
You didn't tell me you worked for Tom.
If Tom can't tell me, then no one can.
Could you tell me what my choices are?
Can you tell us a bit more about that?
Maybe I should just tell Tom the truth.
Is there anything else you can tell me?
Tom told me to take good care of myself.
I've been told Tom is going to be fired.
You never told me you could speak French.
You didn't tell me Mary was so beautiful.
That's exactly what I've been telling Tom.
Tom said he's going to tell us what he knows.
Why didn't you tell Tom that you were married?
You don't have to tell Tom if you don't want to.
He thinks I don't know anything about it, but, in reality, I know everything.
He lives in a small Alpine village in Austria.
I told Tom that I thought his house needed to be painted.
When were you planning on telling Tom about what happened?
What's her job?
Under the teacher's guidance, I took big strides with my studies.
Concerning this problem, our views are not the same.
I thought you knew.
He is going to go to England for a trip this summer.
I buy donuts every Sunday after church.
Are you still at the office?
This squirrel is allergic to nuts.
Why are you just sitting there?
Tom is still sitting in the waiting room.
Tom remained standing as the others sat down.
Tom visits Mary every time he goes to Boston.
The danger is over.
This is a dangerous mission.
When you're here, I feel safer.
We should be safe here.
You remind me of Tom.
Are you his mother?
Can you save Tom?
We'll save a seat for you.
You just saved me a lot of time.
I want to talk to your boss.
Is the customer always right?
God is everywhere.
Tom still can't read.
He is going to drive you to the airport.
He didn't understand me.
She introduced me to her father.
These are the new ones.
Tom is looking for a new job.
Tom managed to find a new job.
Have you made any New Year's resolutions?
Tom's eyesight is deteriorating.
It would have been better if you'd never been born.
I'm not greedy.
I don't understand Hungarian, sorry.
You should have shown him the device.
What does he do on Saturday afternoons?
They must unite.
They made me really angry.
She calmed down.
I'll call you as soon as I've finished.
My older brother is a very enthusiastic soccer fan.
Anti-Chinese sentiment is on the rise in Myanmar.
How did you meet Tom?
Why are we wasting time with this?
Let's not waste time arguing about it.
Your parents loved you very much.
You returned.
You died.
No thanks, I'm pregnant.
5,000 yuan is a lot of money.
I forgot to send the letter.
Look! The car is on fire!
Information is power.
China is a sleeping tiger, but once it wakes up, it will shock the world.
My father is Li Gang!
Tom's got nothing to hide.
There's nothing to forgive.
It has nothing to do with me.
There's nothing else we can do.
I think I've found something better.
There's nothing I wouldn't do for Tom.
I think I've found something of yours.
There's nothing good on television now.
Tom wrote down something in his notebook.
I can cook you something if you're hungry.
I wonder if I hurt Tom's feelings.
I live in the United States of America.
You seem very nervous.
I've been wanting to see that movie for a long time.
Tom didn't seem that happy.
He's my dad.
I am reading his book.
I feel like my head is going to explode.
Comments must be relevant to the topic.
I was just talking to her.
I don't know anybody here.
Who else in Boston do you know?
Everything is going horribly wrong for Tom.
This time, I really mean it.
I want to speak to her in the matter of my salary.
How am I going to explain this?
All those things are true.
Esperanto, an official language of the European Union, now!
He always texted me.
Tom watched Mary draw a picture.
Maybe you could draw me a picture.
Tom often takes pictures with his phone.
The stars are too far away.
The whole world knows that.
We've been watching you.
We've got a situation.
We've got what we need.
We've been going out three months.
We've got to get you out of here.
We've got to go.
We've ordered Chinese food.
We're going to be here all day.
We're not the ones getting married.
We're going by train.
We're going out tonight.
We're waiting for Tom.
We're doing the best we can.
I wish you'd slow down.
We'll come back tomorrow.
We'll be sure to look into it.
We'll wait and see what happens.
We have to stop the bleeding.
We have some decisions to make.
We tried to stop you.
We'd better wake Tom up.
We could walk there together.
We can't let them do that.
We couldn't do that.
We may need some.
We went to the races.
We may never know.
We got permission to park here.
We both know why I'm here.
We got to be friends.
We still have a chance.
I'm pretty busy right now.
That's no big deal.
Tomorrow's going to be a big day.
The police think the burglar entered through a basement window.
I know I left it somewhere down here in the basement.
I talked with the Polish ambassador.
Do you have a cough?
He betrayed everyone for money.
The French lost the battle of Waterloo.
He listened to my suggestion.
According to the weather report, tomorrow will be a fine day.
There are millions of people all over the world who are watching the World Cup right now.
That river is dangerous.
Tom did it the same way I did.
Can we trust them?
Can we go back now?
Can you freeze it?
Can we stop fighting?
Loving and being loved are the most joyful things in the world.
Can you hold on a second?
Can we go now, please?
Can't we work this out?
I think it's time for you to grow up.
I know very little about Tom.
I was hoping Tom would come here today.
I can't believe Tom kissed me.
I wonder if Tom likes me.
I'm not fussy.
I just want to be Tom's friend.
I found this in your desk drawer.
I'm sure Tom would approve.
You come back soon, OK?
You know too much.
You got here fast.
You got off easy.
Volleyball is a lot of fun.
Mary was born prematurely during a 16 hour transcontinental flight.
We get along very well.
Please join us.
That means a lot to me.
It's a good idea.
He sat down and read while his wife was cooking by the fire.
Haven't we met somewhere before?
Translating wears a person out.
Translating is exhausting.
I've never regretted marrying you.
You can count on it.
You can hold my hand.
You should be able to manage it.
This is the best pizza I've ever eaten.
Vietnamese language is really hard to learn.
You may not remember me, but I remember you.
I'm going to the beach. What about you?
You look like a monkey.
Do you think they noticed?
I swear, I saw an alien!
Oghuz languages are part of the Turkic language family.
You'd better take it easy.
Are you here to see Tom?
Where do you study?
Where do you study?
Their apples aren't as good as our apples.
You're a mean old man.
You should check it out.
You know I would never do that kind of thing.
You don't need to do this.
You did what was necessary.
Would you mind explaining this?
You're just being ridiculous.
You didn't find it, did you?
You should seriously consider working here.
Tom heard a shout.
Good luck. You'll need it.
You look like a little girl.
Can we still save the world, or is it too late?
Make sure you get rid of your cold. You've got to be ready again next week. We can't do without you.
You should think about your retirement.
Europeans are the largest consumers of alcohol in the world.
Europeans are the world's largest consumers of alcohol.
Europeans drink, on average, 12.5 liters of pure alcohol per year.
Alcohol consumption is higher in Eastern Europe than in Western Europe.
A free-trade agreement between Europe and the United States is currently under negotiation.
I only had a piece of toast and a cup of coffee this morning.
I'm sorry, but the only thing I know how to say in this beautiful language is this sentence.
Did somebody hit Tom?
He has back pain, he can't bend over.
If you want to know what beauty is, go out into the wild; there you will find beauty.
I can see a person, but I can't see any wolves.
This is my younger sister.
I saw Marcus's house.
Do you have siblings?
But the coffee isn't tasty.
My sister is 20 years old. She is a university student.
There can only be one world champion. The question is: Who will it be?
The timing of the announcement hurts the public relations of the police.
Have a nice day, Tom.
You think I'm mad, don't you?
You don't have any more time.
Do you speak German or English?
Who decided that?
What's with you?
Do you need to work on Sundays?
Your ferry is not big.
Do you like watching that type of film?
We'll deal with it tomorrow.
You'd better do it soon.
The year of the dragon has ended.
The eggs are in the basket.
The fish are in the sea.
There are two bank cards in the wallet.
The wallet is in the bag.
The wallet is on the bag.
Which one of these people is your friend?
This Chinese book is not too difficult for us.
How much is this book?
This book costs 20 dollars.
This is tofu.
That is tofu.
This is a Chinese language book.
This is my Japanese friend.
This is a Chinese restaurant.
This is Chinese food.
Is this tofu?
There are two bottles of red wine on this picture.
There are five people in this photo.
There are four lovely children in this photo.
This new word is particularily important for us.
This is not my Japanese friend.
There are no cars on the street.
Who taught you to speak?
Please give me money.
If I have a lot of money, I'll buy a new car.
The year of the snake has begun.
The teacher should be very patient with her students.
Teachers should be very patient with students.
Most of the Finnish people are very friendly to Chinese people.
There are a lot of eggs in the basket.
The dentist is very polite to the patient.
Excuse me, what are you doing?
Excuse me, where is the library?
Yesterday I sold two books.
Did you ski yesterday?
Merry Spring Festival!
There is a lot of snow on the roof.
I also teach English to them.
I think this is blue.
I think she is very brave.
I think he is not home.
I buy you a present.
I know the Chinese characters.
Both my parents are musicians.
My sister is a teacher.
My major is comparative religion.
I am not married.
I often drink tea.
I teach you to speak English.
I am rich, fat and happy.
I am interested in movies.
I am interested in books.
I am interested in Chinese religion.
My surname is Ling.
I am not so happy.
I fly to Italy.
I study comparative religion in the arts faculty at Turku University.
I ate apples.
I eat a slice of bread.
I ate that apple.
I go to university.
I sell two flowers.
I sell flowers.
Our classroom is very small.
There are at least thirty students in our class.
Our class has more than twenty students.
Our class has more than ten students.
We are in school.
We teach you to speak English.
We are in Finland.
We also write Chinese characters very well.
I buy flowers.
I buy two pretty flowers.
I am also here.
I drink tea, too.
I also drink two cups of tea.
I am not happy.
I am not too rich, too fat or too happy.
I am not interested in sports.
I am not busy.
I am not busy.
I am not rich, fat or happy.
You also teach her English?
What is the password to your computer?
How old are your parents?
Many Finns are interested in culture.
It speaks.
It did not teach her to speak.
She comes in.
She knows the Chinese characters very well.
She knows the Chinese characters very well.
She is sick.
How many professors are there in Turku University?
These Chinese characters are not too difficult for us.
Last year I had five cars.
India is in Asia.
Are you not a teacher?
What do you think about this?
Do you know how to speak?
Has your friend divorced?
Have you got a little sister?
Have you drank tea?
I'm faster.
You are the fastest.
Are you a reporter?
How did you learn to speak?
How did you learn to speak?
You are interested in computers.
You teach us to speak English.
You are going home.
Did you drink tea?
Do you drink tea?
Do you enjoy your vocational field?
You eat potato chips.
You are going to my home.
When do you go to class?
You do not teach us to speak English.
He wants to work in China for two years.
His boss is friendly, he's American.
He has more than a thousand books.
He is a Japanese businessman, but he lives in Finland.
He is always online.
He is always online.
He is often home.
He is good to me.
He sails to Sweden.
He is waiting for me in the yard.
He is on the road.
He is on the Internet.
He rests at home for an hour.
He is in the library.
He writes the Chinese characters very well.
He writes the Chinese characters very well.
He rests for two days.
They teach us to speak.
They do not teach them to speak English.
They go to movies together.
He is also here.
Does he go to school?
Are you watching TV today?
When can you come to my home?
When did the movie start?
I will graduate in two years.
I haven't yet finished my homework.
The defense of the master thesis is just happening next month.
Try not to think about her all the time.
The biggest victory is to win over yourself.
If you were a squirrel, what would you do?
Last month, we collected five liters of rainwater.
You cannot buy friends, you can only make friends.
Tom still uses a typewriter.
Why did you do that to her?
True love never grows old.
Can you come over to my house tonight?
You need to go home right now.
You have enough time to catch the train.
We should study English every day.
Acaraje, a Brazilian food from Africa, is a ball of caupi bean dough, onions, and salt, fried in palm oil and served with shrimp and a spicy sauce.
Come with me, come with us!
Wait a minute… I think you should go with them.
Go with them!
You can't come with us.
Because you smell bad, that's why.
You're too young to retire.
Do you like to gamble?
I think I've found the answer.
Let's go to the hospital now.
Let's forget it for now.
Let's find out who sent this to us.
Was that too much?
This could be fun.
Is the party over?
Did you borrow it?
This is quite good.
I drink 1.7 liters of water each day.
Is it OK if I go out with Tom?
What have I ever done to Tom?
Are you feeling better, Tom?
I made sure no one was following me.
What's your job here?
What else have you figured out?
Who else is in there?
Do you know much about art?
I'm sure you'll be back before long.
I haven't changed.
We've been asked to not do this anymore.
Who invited you guys?
Do you guys want something to eat?
What do you guys do?
What are you guys going to do?
It's the right thing to do.
My whole family's from Boston.
The rest is history.
"You look like a tourist." "But I am a tourist!"
Don't worry. We have plenty of water and food.
The students all laughed.
You don't believe Tom, do you?
Tom is more famous than you.
Tom hasn't finished his lunch yet.
What were you and Tom doing yesterday?
Tom didn't go there yesterday.
Tom rolled down his window.
Are you sure that's what you want?
Tom played the violin.
Tom was victorious.
Tom felt his phone vibrate.
Tom wanted to become a veterinarian.
Tom was the last one to get in the van.
Tom is now on vacation.
Tom is away on vacation.
Tom intends to play tennis every day during his summer vacation.
Tom isn't unhappy.
Tom seems tough.
Tom will return home tomorrow.
Am I supposed to help Tom?
How do I explain that to Tom?
Tom likes squirrels.
There is no "masculine" way of learning.
Will you be there?
Did you check this?
Do you know how to use this?
You're too old to be doing this kind of thing.
Whose ring is that?
Tom doesn't usually dress like that.
Do you want some more tea?
It was really special.
Tom often walks to school.
Where did Tom go to school?
Tom is quite sarcastic.
Tom is in the living room.
Tom is very quiet.
Tom gave Mary a nice present.
Tom seems to be prepared.
Tom avoids Mary whenever possible.
Tom was popular.
Tom isn't a good person.
Tom is a strange person.
Go home!
Go back to the office.
Tom says he left a note.
Tom needs the money.
Tom needs to see you in ten minutes.
What does Tom know about me?
Tom stood behind me.
Tom lives near me.
Tom made fun of me.
You're a better skier than me.
Tom is quite thin, isn't he?
Tom is being silly, isn't he?
Tom is at school, isn't he?
Tom is perfect, isn't he?
Tom is being quite obstinate, isn't he?
Tom is obese, isn't he?
Your friend's very late, isn't he?
Mary is very cute, isn't she?
Tom is very courageous, isn't he?
Tom is very confident, isn't he?
Tom is careful, isn't he?
Tom and his friends played basketball all afternoon.
Tom will never do it again.
Tom asked us to leave him alone.
Why is my brother stupid?
He slid his arms around her and kissed her.
Tom went back to his bedroom.
Tom is studying to become a marine biologist.
Tom can swim almost as fast as I can.
There are three men trapped in the cave.
The bank is closed.
Tom didn't want to come.
Tom interrupted our conversation.
Your son is dating my daughter.
Tom has been driving all day.
We'll be here for three more days.
Tom isn't afraid to die.
Tom still isn't sure what to do.
We all cried when we watched the movie.
What exactly does Tom do?
I promised myself that I would never do that again.
Tom is a very poor driver.
Tom begged me to let him go home early.
Tom isn't very good at speaking French.
Tom is probably still studying French.
Tom enjoys gardening.
In order to make life happy, you must love the everyday trifles.
Mother is in the kitchen wearing an apron.
Tom just got back from Australia.
Tom had never lied to me before.
Tom knows that I used to live in Boston.
Tom has been quite cooperative.
They closed their eyes.
I don't play internet games.
We didn't know on which train they'd be coming.
Are you sure Tom is happy?
Tom went down the hill.
Tom abandoned hope.
My neck still hurts.
I hope I make a good first impression.
The philosopher Socrates discussed death with his friends in prison.
She needed money desperately.
It works now.
This is kind of interesting.
Tom never wanted to try it.
I'm getting too old for this job.
Tom is drinking apple juice.
Tom lost his car keys.
I tried to warn him about her, but he won't listen to me.
Tom has been under a great deal of strain lately.
How soon can we leave?
Tom took over after I left.
Don't give up on your dreams.
Tom isn't afraid of Mary.
You know as well as I do that Tom hates Mary.
Tom sneaked up behind Mary.
Tom is going to run for mayor.
Tom really needs help now.
Why do I have to go to school?
It is cold there, even in summer.
Tom is taking a day off.
Tom knows how to behave in public.
Tom was the first to react.
Tom has been really busy recently.
Tom is anxious to know the result.
Tom is waiting for Mary to return.
Tom is in the hospital waiting room.
Tom is waiting in the living room.
Tom is reading a book in his room.
It makes me feel sad.
Tom was puzzled by what Mary said.
Tom is teaching me to how to sail.
I wasn't quite sure what to say.
Tom is old enough to go to school.
That's soft.
Tom will try and stop me for sure.
I didn't know you didn't know how to swim.
Tom laid the newspaper on the table.
I've never stopped loving Tom.
Tom just got divorced, too.
Tom is the best barber in town.
They're afraid of us.
Tom is going to be proud of you.
Have you brushed your teeth?
Who is this old person?
Tom lives in the heart of the city.
At home, we speak only French.
We've been waiting for hours, but he hasn't come.
It's not wrong, but it's rarely written like that.
I'm not guilty of anything.
Watch the road.
She liked the new dress.
Can we meet tomorrow?
Tell her I'm on my way.
Tell him I'm on my way.
I feel at ease around him.
I feel at ease around Tom.
I couldn't go to school for a whole week.
Do you have a friend named Tom?
I feel bad about lying to him.
I have an audition today.
I've changed. I'm not the same man I used to be.
Let me see what it looks like.
I only kissed her once.
I'm sure that Tom will do very well.
I'm sure that Mary will do very well.
I think you're the only one who needs help.
The loss of his mother brought him sorrow and regret.
She really needs your help.
If I were you, I would ignore it.
Without water, no creature could live.
Mary dyed her hair blue.
The darkness will work to my advantage.
Tom may be able to come tomorrow.
Tom looks about a hundred years old.
Tom realized it was time to leave.
She is a native speaker of Serbian.
The two sentences are both coherent.
Tom likes science fiction.
Thank you once again for your attention.
I'm walking in the park.
On his nose grew a small pimple.
Tom pushed his way through the crowd.
Many important historical events took place 7000 years B.C.
There are 56 ethnic groups in China.
Mary always yells when she's angry.
Tom should've finished it by now.
Tom seems to be easygoing.
His brother studies hard.
His brother takes studying seriously.
His little brother takes studying very seriously.
Her brother studies hard.
Her brother takes studying very seriously.
Her older brother studies very seriously.
Her brother seriously studies.
The children are afraid of Tom.
Tom, Mary and John are all here.
I don't want to take such a risk.
You're not trying to trick me, are you?
He's always punctual.
He always arrives on time.
Outside of working hours, you can get a hold of him through his private phone.
Is there a quiet corner in here where I can study?
Some people never grow up.
Tom picked up the jar and read the label.
Tom works for an American company.
Tom started running towards the house.
Don't ask questions. Just follow me.
I could smell the alcohol on his breath.
You're not as smart as me.
An army marches on its stomach.
The weeds have completely overtaken the garden bed.
Tom headed out the door.
Everyone's tired of hearing that story.
Keep on working.
Tom slept through the entire movie.
I'm still waiting for Tom to get here.
What's your natural hair color?
Russia is larger than Pluto.
It isn't too late for you.
No one's stopping you.
I'm sorry to disappoint you.
I am British.
Don't, under any circumstances, play poker with Tom.
Do you like hanging out with Tom?
Tom died in an accident.
No one is listening to Tom.
Maybe I should go help Tom.
Why can't we go and see Tom?
I like this book very much.
I like coffee.
Maria's father is easily influenced.
You study at that school?
His body is too thin.
He only blames other people, and never himself.
You are busy; I can do it myself.
I don't know that person.
I still don't know what that is.
The current era is the atomic era.
We waited for such a long time.
It is still raining a lot today, and the soil is being broken up.
What did he say to you?
What place were you just talking about?
Just say what you want to say.
There's no way my friend bought that thing!
I only know about these.
I can already speak English.
I think the same way as you do.
This song will do too?
You are leaving, then, are you?
When my grandmother was young, her body was very slim. Now in her old age she's grown plump.
Today is mom's birthday. I ordered a cake.
Starting next month, I'm not subscribing to a newspaper.
I booked a seat at this restaurant.
Through the Internet, we can make many friends.
I came to work here though his introduction.
Through this match, I realized my inadequacies.
It's so yummy.
Thank you, I understand everything.
I saw a man get hit by a car.
He married her.
This isn't a good idea.
Tom refused to even listen to my suggestions.
This squirrel has a nut allergy.
That's what I said.
She didn't try to hide the truth.
Let me explain it to Tom.
Everyone was surprised to see Tom.
New programmes will appear in the fall on television.
Are there any good programs on TV today?
The programme is over.
By frugality she managed to get along on her small salary.
Would you prefer milk or coffee?
Did you enjoy the performance last night?
He became very elated at the news.
That makes us even.
The company is starting to implement the new management system from next month.
The “One Only Child Parent for Two Children” policy is already in effect in Shanghai. In the future, it's possible that it will be implemented throughout China.
Promoting Mandarin Chinese is China's national plan.
In order to alleviate employment pressures, the nation has established a series of relevant policies.
This kind of medicine can temporarily alleviate pain. If you need it, just take it.
His humor charmingly eased the embarrassing atmosphere at dinner time and made me breathe a sigh of relief.
There are many regrets in a person's life. It's not possible to do everything well.
Every time I leave, I'm of full the regret that I haven't fully said goodbye.
The regrettable thing is that he didn't even play at his highest level in the finals.
One needs to do their best in all things, and more importantly work within their abilities.
One can't go beyond one's limits with exercising and stay within the bounds of what one can do. Otherwise, it can have negative effects on the body.
One needs to buy a house that's within one's means, but one also needs to grasp an opportunity.
This thing can't be rushed; it needs long-term planning.
Everyone agrees to stay here for the night and make long-term itinerary decisions tomorrow.
Although the decision to implement this plan has already been made, the finer points still need to be planned out.
Go forward, then turn right, go through the traffic light, and you're there.
Of the two of them, one heads east and one heads west.
In the autumn, swallows will fly south.
When he's in class, he continuously sits next to me.
When I was talking with him, he was constantly looking to his side.
I think I've seen that person next to Xiao Li before.
I'm really sorry to make you wait.
The food at this hot pot restaurant really tastes pretty good. Let's come here again next time.
Your room is really clean.
He does things for himself. He doesn't like to bother other people.
This problem is really annoying.
He encountered difficulties in his work.
The weather is really great!
Your boyfriend is really handsome.
You're really a great person.
This piece of clothing is really pretty.
Your house is really great!
Keep walking straight ahead.
The plane bound for Beijing is going to take off soon.
This train is bound for Zhongshan Park.
I can go to your house tomorrow.
I knew about that.
I knew that information.
What is knowledge?
Hanoi is the capital city of Vietnam.
The plane disappeared into the forest.
He ate poisonous mushrooms.
I think this news should be noticed by everyone.
Boiling water evaporates and turns into a gas.
We would like to go very much.
The satellite came flying over Hanoi.
The plane is landing in Tan Son Nhat airport.
I also agree.
I've eaten it.
This article is very good.
This table is not good.
Read one sentence each.
I know these students.
There is a group of people who don't agree.
I am giving you a little gift.
Why are you taking so much medicine?
Every day I get up at 6 o'clock.
There are thousands of participants at today's event.
It's already past nine o'clock.
My school library has a collection of 2.5 million books.
He is already skilled in both math and literature.
This kind of cloth is both cheap and sturdy.
Before understanding the situation clearly, he hastily gave his opinion.
We must work hard to complete the project.
He's still here in the classroom studying.
If you already know, why are you still asking?
In a month, the weather won't be as hot as it is now.
Why do you talk about this all the time?
I will always remember that.
I will remember that forever.
Why have you come only now?
He just came back from the library.
He has worked in Hanoi before.
Mary has more than a hundred pairs of shoes.
That's weird, isn't it?
We all felt sorry for Tom.
Tom is totally into you.
Does that make me weird?
Are you sure that Tom is behind this?
Tom wanted to know if Mary had a boyfriend.
Maybe you should just fire Tom.
Do you know where to find Tom?
Since you all say that, I must think again.
Child, why are you crying? Tell me.
When he finished speaking, he stood up and walked away.
We should help each other.
Were you able to do everything you wanted to get done?
Tom's girlfriend threatened to leave him.
He went back to the village after he graduated.
The military power of this country is very advanced.
The development of economy has brought other social problems.
We have investigated his criminal record.
The Red Cross constantly supplies food to the disaster areas.
He is a little bit unhappy today.
He isn't very happy today.
Come on, hurry up.
Come on, let's go.
Come on, touch it.
Come on, trust me.
Are you sure you don't want to sleep on it?
I didn't expect to see you at a place like this.
Every minute counts.
Do you still love Tom?
Did you see the eclipse yesterday?
They have a secret understanding between them.
The world's evil almost always comes from ignorance.
China is perhaps the only country in the world where the temperature is controlled by the government.
Turpan is indeed very hot. Even the government is unable to control the temperature.
Mistakes and lying can be worked through, but I cannot stand a complete lack of humour.
When we started, we thought that we knew everything, but we later discovered that we did not.
French women are beautiful.
Do you have a hobby, Tom?
Do you have a hobby, Tom?
Tom has just finished eating dinner.
Mary bought a skirt and a blouse.
All of my friends got asked to dance except me.
They are reading a book.
I don't know when he'll come.
I don't know what we'll do.
I don't know what I'm going to do next.
I don't know what I'm going to do next.
Tom returned to his hometown to visit his parents during the summer break.
Now, what do you want me to do?
Now, wait a second.
Now, what do you want to see?
I know someone who might be able to help.
It's warm in here.
Do you have an extra key?
Are your eyes open?
Can they finish this before the deadline?
Time is precious.
Can you fill in for me at the meeting?
It has been windy for two days.
I hope you will like it.
I want to say nothing but sorry.
She paid no heed to our warnings.
Remember to shut the windows.
She folded the quilt.
We cannot change the past.
He sat in on some of the board's policy-making meetings.
What color is your dress?
I have no idea of how to send a fax.
Have you listened to this song?
I live near the sea so I often go to the beach.
There are several kinds of cloud formations.
Human tissue is made up of cells.
Ebola spreads from person to person through bodily fluids.
He went to Berlin last year.
Hey, your dog just bit me.
Hey, look what I found.
Hey, what are you guys looking at?
They are struggling with the goal of wiping out smallpox.
When did you last wipe someone's tears away?
The assistant referee held up his flag to show the referee that the ball was still in play.
Philip hates traveling for away games. He always gets really tired and never plays well.
When the goalkeeper touched the ball, the referee awarded the other team a corner kick.
The players sat in the locker room while they listened to their coach speak.
England always does well in the World Cup matches because of their strong defenders.
The game ended in a draw, and the final score was 2-2.
In the last minute, Marcello score an equalizing goal.
They were lucky the game went into extra time because they ended up winning.
Michael needs to get fit over the summer.
He fouled because he pushed over the other player.
The referee blew his whistle twice to tell everyone it was full-time.
The goalkeeper for France dived to the ground and saved Ronaldo’s shot.
The players ran off the pitch and had a meeting during half-time.
The referee blew the whistle and called a hand ball on him.
Ronaldo’s teammate passed the ball high to him. He jumped up and headed it into the goal.
Most teams perform better when they have a home game.
Do you have any idea what time is kickoff?
Who do you think is going to win the match?
Mesut Ozil is one of the best midfielders in the world.
Messi had been very close to scoring a goal, the referee blew his whistle to say that he was offside.
Frank Lampard passed the ball to Beckham. Beckham kicked the ball and scored!
Bale fouled and the team got a penalty kick.
The fans went silent as they nervously watched the penalty shootout between the two teams.
Because it had been raining for a couple of days, the pitch was muddy and difficult to play on.
He was handed a red card for starting a fight with the other team and as a result, their team lost.
Ronaldo shot the ball right into the back of the net to score the winning goal.
There weren't many spectators at the game because of the rain.
There was a lot of excitement in the stands as the fans cheered for their teams.
Lionel Messi is one of the best strikers in the world. He has scored the most goals ever for Barcelona.
When Sir Alex Ferguson saw that his players were getting tired, he always substituted them.
When Mike tried to tackle the other player, he pushed him and he was given a yellow card and a warning.
Jake quickly threw the ball in to his teammate.
The manager and coach stood on the touchline shouting out instructions to their team.
The players made a wall as Lionel Messi went to shoot.
Bale needs to be more careful when playing because he’s already been given one yellow card.
England’s goalkeeper was criticized for the amount of goals he conceded.
It was evident that everyone was upset when Atletico Madrid suffered defeat.
Because all of the teams in the Premier League are really strong, the goal difference is usually small.
In the last World Cup, New Zealand was knocked out of the competition by Mexico.
At the end of the first half Real Madrid were in the lead, but Chelsea won in the end.
I think the final score between Barcelona and Real Madrid will be 2-0.
I think that Brazil has the strongest football team in the world and they have a good chance of winning the 2014 World Cup.
The referee, according to principle of advantage, raised his hand and motioned for the advance to continue.
Jack’s coach decided to keep him on the bench for being late to training.
Ronaldo is famous for his bicycle kick. When he does it, the fans go crazy.
Jonathan was booked because he got into a fight with a player on the other team.
Torres booted the ball to his teammate.
The opposition formed a line in the box to try and block Messi from scoring.
The coin toss decides who will kick off the match.
When the ball was dead, Luis ran up to the ball and booted it.
All the top teams of the UK are in the premier division.
The players sat and listened to their coach give them a pep talk in the changing rooms.
The manager shouted out to his players to mark the opposition.
John Motson is one of the most famous British commentators.
The Spain is great at keeping possession.
Sheffield Wednesday is playing their usual long-ball game.
As usual the Spanish team are showing off their skills at one-touch football.
Ronaldo is a prolific goal scorer and it’s almost guaranteed that he will score a goal in every match.
Atletico Madrid surprised everyone with their win against Barcelona as they’ve always been the underdogs in the Spanish league.
Look at those guys play! They’re really getting stuck in!
Wow, she’s got a lot of pace, I’m impressed!
Jose screamed “man on” when he saw a player from the opposition behind Marcello.
Peter’s one of the best goalkeepers ever. He’s always able to pull of great saves.
I'd very much like to go.
As the saying goes: Speech is silver, silence is gold.
Don't eat too much and disrupt the stomach's normal digestion process.
I'm ill, aren't I?
You must take off your shoes here.
I didn't like the interface of that operating system.
This is a television.
He insulted her.
I just cleaned this.
Do not drink the water!
That wouldn't be a good thing.
That's what I always say.
That's what I have to do.
That's exactly how I feel.
That's the other reason I'm here.
He is learning English.
We don't need you anymore.
That's against the rules.
That did occur to me.
That's all I could find.
That's a lot of cash.
That wasn't too bad.
I want you to stay a little longer.
I wanted to thank you for what you did today.
Long-sleeved shirts are good for cold weather.
If you drink instant coffee you do not need a coffee pot.
The coffee pot is full of coffee.
A picnic is easier on everyone if you use a paper plate.
I have a separate notebook for each class.
The man is writing in the notebook.
I really like this story.
Did you remember that you were supposed to buy candles?
How long has it been since you saw your girlfriend?
The woman has a fever.
He has a fever of 102 degrees.
The cat likes sitting in the chair more than I do.
It is easier to study when you are sitting in a comfortable chair.
Tom has Mary's address.
Don't sit here if you're not going to play poker with us.
Do you spend a lot of time with Tom?
Do you and Tom spend a lot of time together?
On sunny days, the beach is very crowded.
Today's weather is sunny with occasional clouds.
It is partly cloudy today.
I think that, in tough times, you can cry as much as you want.
Tom doesn't like to play poker at all.
I like to play poker.
The game finished.
Were you and Tom together for a long time?
Tom is here because of me.
I'll stop by your place on my way home.
I think I know who stole your watch.
I don't think I can help you very much.
It's a really good school.
Tom wanted Mary to say that she loved him.
I don't think that we should go with Tom.
I still have a question.
Tom has spent the past three years in prison.
I'm sorry, but I really have to go.
I don't think Tom is going to be too much help.
Tom asked Mary who her boyfriend was.
I don't think you did this.
I don't think anyone can do this.
I'm the one who has to do this.
I'm fairly certain Tom lives on Park Street.
I think it was a good day.
I think everybody should learn another language.
My name's Ricardo, and you?
My name's Ricardo. What's yours?
They are reading a book.
I think that everyone should study a foreign language.
Without science, there is no future.
The express train will take you between major cities non-stop.
The express train is moving down the track.
The man is making a telephone call.
The man is using the landline to call.
The blue telephone is on the table.
The blue phone is on the table.
The straits were too narrow for the cruise ship.
The man is hiking on a narrow path.
His cell phone is off.
His cell phone was turned off.
His cell phone is turned off now.
I invited a Chinese friend to my apartment.
I invited a Chinese friend over to my apartment.
Is this her umbrella?
You don't need to give me a call.
Why is my friend an idiot?
Why is my buddy an idiot?
There are 5 people in my family.
She made a deposit at the bank.
I don't know when he will come back.
I don't know how she should deal with that issue.
I don't know how she should deal with this.
Knowing and doing are two different things.
She sang softly.
Books are scattered around the room.
We ordered Chinese food.
We ordered Chinese.
A lawyer is a person who prevents someone else from getting your money.
What sort of yogurt do you like best?
My son is brushing his teeth.
No one thinks Tom will win the race.
Come and dance with me.
I'm sure I can find something for you to do.
Get into your car.
It's been a long war.
I don't have a good feeling about this.
These boxes are heavy.
Did you find anything interesting?
Isn't that good enough?
The boy is asking a question.
The boys are asking questions.
The woman is in front of a big rock.
Liisa was in a bad mood.
The device is portable.
When women succeed, America succeeds.
Tomorrow will be better!
As you can see, we're still working.
Excuse me, can I join you?
Have a good dream!
Everything is good.
When did you fall in love with me?
If you were gone, I'd die.
What does the police officer do?
Could you give me your phone number?
He's a good driver.
I understand what she's saying.
Do you have a driver's license with you?
You don't need to leave immediately.
Are you not feeling well?
I remember it well.
I am forever busy.
"I dreamed of you yesterday." "Seriously? And what was I doing?"
Ah, I forgot to buy tofu.
That's my hobby.
He is going to school, carrying a schoolbag on his back.
There still aren't any highways in this mountain region. All goods are transported on the backs of people and horses.
The TV shouldn't be so close. Put it a little further back.
The sentence on the blackboard was erased.
His house is cleaned thoroughly once a week.
There are islands in the sea.
There are islands in the sea.
There are islands in the sea.
Are you going to eat here or do you want us to wrap it?
He always comes to show his appreciation during the New Year and holidays.
You can't judge a person by appearance, just as you can't measure the sea with a pint pot.
Yaguatí speaks Spanish and Guaraní.
I'm sorry. I got the wrong number.
He seemed to be getting thinner every day.
Don't forget to take out the garbage.
We can't play tennis.
We will not play tennis.
The Earth is smoother than a billiard ball.
She likes rain and snow.
I start work at 8.
Chinese is a language that has four tones.
She can also speak a little bit of French.
I am boring.
Chocolate's iron content is higher than spinach's.
Chocolate has more iron than spinach.
Chocolate has more iron than spinach.
The hair dresser is cutting the hair with scissors.
Use scissors to cut out the pictures.
Your hands are so cold.
It's very cold here in January.
I won't be wearing a tie.
His heart stopped beating and he died immediately.
Is it obligatory to rent a car?
There was no cat.
There weren't any cats.
My father has been living in Nagoya for 30 years.
On a hot summer day, the air conditioner works all day to keep us cool.
Tom wanted to comfort Mary.
Tom and Mary are both only children.
Some people clung to tree branches for several hours to avoid being washed away by the floodwaters.
She tattled on me to her teacher.
Your homework is one important part of the learning experience.
The girl is doing homework.
External air conditioners are quite cheap.
I fully agree with your point of view.
I have absolute faith in you.
I wonder what else Tom wants.
Is it true that Tom can't read or write?
Is it true that Tom can't read or write?
Are you Tom's mother?
You'll need their help.
It will be interesting to see whether this weather continues.
Tom doesn't drive as carefully as I do.
You've lost weight, haven't you?
I am a banana.
The butcher's knife is in the drawer.
Today is Wednesday, yes?
I have high hopes for her.
I sing well.
You should put this phrase in parentheses.
I still think about him all the time.
It's written in black and white. How can you be in doubt?
I know I'm wrong.
Tom was absent yesterday.
The hillside had torrential flooding from the west.
He had no friends, no money, no home...but he played happily all the same.
We help the poor.
Femdom is short for Female Domination.
He is not like the person I imagined.
He's carrying an umbrella because it's raining.
Nothing lasts forever, not for a long time, anyone can find an excuse to go ahead.
What were the contents of the letter?
This is an old letter.
This is an old letter.
The alarm clock is set for 5 a.m.
I depend on the alarm clock to wake up on time every morning.
The employees work at the office.
I usually work from 9 AM to 5 PM, but today I worked until 10 PM.
Are you going to sing an English song for us?
He gets up at 8 a.m. every morning.
He gets up at 8 a.m. every morning.
Traffic conditions on the highway are normal this morning.
I jog in the morning.
The homemaker vacuumed the carpet.
Every Tuesday morning the housekeeper vacuums.
Don't you know?
He's a foreigner. He doesn't understand what we're saying.
I do not speak Chinese.
If it rains tomorrow, we won't go.
There is a photo of Tom on Mary's desk.
Sociopaths rarely display remorse or feelings of guilt for their crimes.
We can't choose where we come from, but we can choose where we go from there.
I write Chinese characters very slowly.
We haven't contacted each other for quite a while. I am very happy to write to you.
What does Shanghai people's Mandarin sound like?
I've been told that you're a very competent person.
Did you pass your exams?
Nowadays mobile phones are very popular.
Today my bag is very light.
You're still young, but not permanently.
Her French is not fluent.
I'm sorry, I do not understand. Can you repeat it a little slower?
They never admit their own mistakes.
My teacher writes Chinese without a mistake!
Tom, I want to have a chat with you.
I would like to talk to Tom.
I want to stay home.
I wish I was the same height as Tom.
I feel exhausted because of jet lag.
If they could eat in a restaurant every night, they would. They hate cooking.
We became friends when I was in Taiwan.
That is flammable.
My girlfriend cried.
He's thinking about this difficult problem.
He still hasn't given me the money I lent him.
When have you asked him to eat dinner?
When are you asking him to have dinner?
China is developing very quickly.
China developed very quickly.
He has lived here for a long time.
I will not come.
Do you know this girl?
Do you know this girl?
She drunk three cups of coffee.
Excuse me, where's the Bank of China?
Police officer, I didn't do anything!
Honestly, I really like you.
Oh, I forgot my keys.
She doesn't like the colour of this dress.
She doesn't like the look of the skirt.
She doesn't like how the skirt looks.
I completely understood.
His English is improving very quickly.
Today's apples are particularly sweet.
Is she still sleeping?
He is very good at math.
Take whatever you like.
He needs ten hours to get dressed.
I'm sorry, I forgot my homework.
It seems that he is fine.
This shirt needs ironing.
His class makes us despair.
Have you forgotten your German lesson?
If you make fun of our company again, we certainly won’t be polite to you.
Greet someone every time you meet them.
The young man is both capable and energetic, needless to say.
Xiao Wang, can I use your bike? Forget I said that, you are riding it!
If you like it, just buy it.
You make a decision for yourself on this matter.
You took a lot of that medicine and you're not looking so good.
He always dresses very casually, and doesn't care about color or style.
Upon seeing how ridiculous he looked, everyone could not help but laughing.
She is an expert at telling lies.
He plays the piano without mistakes.
I need a place where I can study.
Did you notice any suspicious places?
I don't want to grow up.
I don't want to grow up.
He was a millionaire not long ago.
He can't distinguish between good and evil.
The first thing I did after getting home was taking my shoes off.
She went down that road.
Everything you saw was an illusion.
He didn't die in vain.
I'm sure you can understand.
It's OK, thanks.
I don't need any, thanks.
While cleaning, we saw some of his things.
Do you really not care that I'm going alone?
Do I need a reservation?
Nine o'clock should be O.K.
What do you have for today's special?
Don't you love each other?
During that time I didn't expect to have a problem.
Our company has many projects to do.
The school rules that students cannot smoke.
Their common aim was to make the project successful.
We are waiting for him to make another decision.
He is the prime minister of this country.
Once she starts talking, its hard to stop her.
Do you study?
Are you a chemistry student?
He is studying.
Are they students?
I'm going to buy the bilingual dictionary next Saturday.
He is always complaining about how small his room is.
He is always preparing.
You are always fighting.
It's always raining.
I just threw up.
That little boy can walk.
Can he drive?
Did you know that before?
Santa lives at the North Pole.
It's already over.
Was Julian wrong?
Julian was wrong?
Don't complain!
I have self-studied half a semester's worth of German.
Are you and Tom leaving together?
This seems very difficult!
They married in secret.
Has Tom gone insane?
I've already told him that.
My purse was stolen.
I won't stay silent.
Are you guys crying?
Marriage is the main cause of divorce.
Are these all Tom's books?
Are these all your books, Tom?
Please tell me Tom is OK.
Not all aliens are bad.
Tom also talked.
I should've declined.
Tom followed.
Put it out of your mind.
There was complete silence.
Tom turned the handle.
You should've come and talked to me.
The truck is gone.
It just gets worse.
That could be too late.
You're no prize yourself.
I needed to speak to you about something.
Tom heard nothing.
Tom has been lying all along.
We need you to tell us why you were absent all last week.
If Tom doesn't surrender, shoot him.
Get off your high horse, Tom.
You may have been the last person to see Tom.
It's just big enough for Tom.
We're at war with Japan.
The door was kicked open.
Come in, it's open.
The rear gate was open.
Tom never turned up again.
It's a pleasure to have you with us again.
You've got to be certain.
We must never confuse the two.
That medicine isn't going to help.
You have three minutes to surrender.
Tom embraced his father.
Tom won't even know what you did until it's over.
Tom fell asleep sitting up in the chair.
I just had dinner with some of Tom's friends.
I never thought it would come to this.
May I be the first to offer my congratulations.
Tom has been on the wanted list for three years.
My sons are soldiers.
Tom wasn't too happy in those days.
I must ask you to do just that.
I only wanted to forget.
Tom looked pretty healthy last night.
Tom told me he had a right to see it.
I've already put Tom to work on it.
I'll stake my reputation on it.
I've always trusted your judgment.
That was a beautiful moment.
We have a warrant to search your apartment.
This time it's different.
This time it's different.
Tom seems to be completely lost.
They forced me out.
We weren't making fun of you.
I don't wish to harm you.
Tom wasn't going to do anything to you.
That shouldn't be hard for you.
I'm on my way to the meeting right now.
It's so different now.
Now tell us what we want to know.
I could swear there's something inside this box.
I'm hearing that a lot lately.
Tom prepared his speech very carefully.
If I've misjudged you, I'm terribly sorry.
Tom thinks I'm missing this great opportunity.
Can you make it safe?
If Tom is really alive, where is he?
Is there a timetable?
What if Tom is still alive?
Should we have some lunch?
How did you get out of your room?
Do you know where they come from?
Who picked you for this mission?
One good friend is better than ten relatives.
How many people can do that?
What nonsense are you talking now?
Do you have other family?
That's an interesting idea.
I just want to know what actually happened.
I was totally confused.
It's just what I expected.
I think you're stupid.
Tom's French is already rather good.
I'll tell my wife.
That's what I like.
This may take a while.
I really liked the gift you gave me.
Tom has written to me.
Don't forget me.
Don't start without me.
OK, you two, follow me.
I've been here for a very long time.
Doing that is a waste of your time.
Tom knew Mary would come.
We knew no one.
No one will bother you here.
Even Tom doesn't do that anymore.
What Tom said wasn't true.
This is going to be very expensive.
I'm going to get rid of all this stuff.
Tom was able to solve the problem by himself.
Tom wants to tell you something.
That was really boring.
Tom might be able to attend the meeting.
Tom knew when Mary would be arriving.
Excess of politeness is annoying.
Tom went out for a walk with his dog.
Being rich isn't enough.
Tom has a pretty big mouth.
It's time to talk.
Tom knows how to play mahjong, I think.
You're probably smarter than you think.
It wasn't interesting at all.
I hope everything goes well.
Tom has been very careful.
Tom wants me to join his team.
Some people think I'm Tom.
Tom is waiting for you in the conference room.
I don't have a desk in my bedroom.
Tom might be a vegetarian.
I wasn't alone then.
We'll meet again.
Tom doesn't like Boston.
Tom didn't go.
Tom still drinks, but not as much as he used to.
Tom is a violin teacher.
I should've gone home earlier.
I wish that I could speak French better.
I think we've found what we were looking for.
Wipe your eyes.
Tom taught me many things.
Even chocolate contains vitamins.
Wait for me downstairs.
Let's go indoors.
They didn't see us.
I forget where I put my hat.
Tom searched inside the closet.
Tom nearly died tonight.
There's still no end in sight.
Tom wouldn't like it.
Perhaps it was worth it.
Let's discuss it.
You should have a doctor take a look at it.
I should've added more salt.
Tom says it's quite important.
Tom might be here by 2:30, but then, maybe not.
We often watch TV while we're eating breakfast.
The fire has gone out.
The fire was out.
I can't tell you now.
Tom is probably pretty rich by now.
Leave the room immediately.
Tom wants to spend more time with his family.
The box wasn't empty.
What were you doing in the attic?
Where's my apple juice?
Who does the cooking in your home?
Did I leave my umbrella here?
Hey, what are you doing here?
Why am I still here?
Would you like me to take a look?
Why is Tom still at school?
Why did you marry Tom?
How long have you lived in Boston?
Was Tom asleep?
Are you and Tom working together?
Can you tell me where the flea market is?
Do we have enough chairs?
Why can't Tom come to us?
Who are you looking at?
What is it that Tom wants to eat?
What makes you think I won't be able to do it?
How long did it take you to write this report?
Why did you stay at home yesterday?
What books did you buy?
Many people go abroad during summer vacation.
After standing for 6 hours, Antonio's legs became stiff.
Do you want to go too?
That war hurt the country.
Did you hear how quickly he speaks?
Learning should not be forced, but rather encouraged.
The color red is beautiful, but it can't beat blue.
Tom doesn't have a good French-English dictionary.
You think adding a little salt will make it taste much better?
He became thought of as the best lawyer in this city.
Juan died from tuberculosis.
I feel like you are laughing at us.
You don't accept credit cards?
Asia has many rural villages.
Life in Japan is expensive.
Come and enjoy the sunlight.
Many people dream.
I am talking to you about history.
I am studying Japanese.
He is an author and a politician.
She doesn't use salt when cooking.
Do you feel tired?
Whose pizza is this?
Whose pizza is that?
This movie is very popular among young people.
I am looking for a native speaker who can correct this paper for me.
This wooden chair costs sixty pounds.
He wrote a new book.
I just got a letter from Brazil.
I was also invited.
Unfortunately, my neighbor was involved in a traffic accident, and is currently in a coma.
If I were invisible, I wouldn't have to wear anything.
I passed a language test.
In Hungary, everyone speaks Hungarian.
I can't take this pain any more.
The horse stopped and refused to go any further.
That's not a horse, it's a donkey.
Yamamoto is also a friend of mine.
This computer is yours, right?
Kate's dad walks home from the bus stop.
This horrible hot weather is killing me.
We're out of tissue paper, so I need to go buy some.
We're out of tissue paper, so I've got to go buy some.
A bit of juice, please.
Run.
Tom wants me to stay away from him.
That's called true love.
Tom begged for Maria's forgiveness.
I don't know much about Japan.
She sat down and lit a cigarette.
That little boy wears glasses.
That little boy is wearing glasses.
All three of you are very lucky.
I should learn Esperanto.
You can't come in with this.
What will I find in the box?
Let's see what's in the box.
What is inside the box?
This extension cord is too short.
I watched a great movie yesterday.
The browser is running really slowly.
Before you put the noodles in the pot, you have to break them up into small pieces.
When are you finally going to oil your door?
My cell phone has a built-in digital camera.
The screen is giving off green light.
Why do children have to carry such a heavy bag?
How do I change my cell phone's ringtone?
Would the girls please bring the donation boxes up to the stage?
The heater broke.
No matter where you go, the sky will always be the same color.
I think we should change the topic.
I want to become a singer.
Today I had some kipper for breakfast.
I've never seen her laugh.
Tom is a young and handsome man.
Who are the two women over there?
My mother's father is my maternal grandfather.
Let's fall in love.
"You're ugly." "Your mom is ugly." "Your mom's face is ugly."
I'm glad I was able to be useful to you.
I will call you tomorrow.
He's Canadian.
You have to follow the rules.
Don't touch this with your dirty hands.
I don't know why you listen to him.
I don't know why you listen to her.
He married her for her money.
Tell Tom that I don't need his help!
Does Tom like Maria?
Do you go to school on Sundays?
There is something that Tom didn't tell Maria.
I always cry when I see this picture.
Tell Tom that I don't need his help.
Where's the phone book?
Are you going anywhere for vacation?
We should do something this weekend.
This morning, I woke up yet again to the sound of crying children.
I can speak five languages.
It's raining, so the kids aren't playing in the yard.
The French word "soleil" means "sun".
Do colleges give homework too?
Did you bring the book?
Did you bring any books?
"What time did you go to sleep last night?" "Around 2:30."
When you begin downloading, please press the "Save" button.
Can I touch this one too?
I want to be able to hold my liquor better.
I want to get smarter.
I want to improve my penmanship.
Ah! Snow!
Why are you out at this hour?
Why haven't you gone to sleep yet? You should go to sleep sooner.
Tom, what happened? Why are you crying?
Why are you buying this type of car?
Sorry, I'm 30 minutes late because I overslept.
How many arithmetic books are left?
Do you like your work?
Did Tom ever threaten you?
This is just for you.
Remember that I outrank you.
Tom was afraid of you.
How was the meeting yesterday?
It would be wonderful if you could sing at our wedding.
What do you think I want?
It's worth the wait.
Tell me about some of the places you've visited.
There is a good chance that gasoline prices will go up.
Maybe you should just give up.
I believe this was unnecessary.
Do you think it's a trap?
Tom and Mary went to the best restaurant in town.
Let's go out and have some fun tonight.
Are you really Tom?
The problem is Tom.
I have to say goodnight to Tom.
There were so many things I wanted to ask Tom.
I can't keep up with Tom.
I was already tired.
We don't have too much time.
You can't live like this.
Do you want to hear what I think?
You haven't even asked me what I think.
What are you doing there?
Tom didn't doubt that there would be a lot of people there.
What would you think if I did that?
It was my duty to do that.
Tom didn't want to do that.
Let me make you some tea.
Shouldn't you be studying?
Did you notice anything strange?
It all seems so strange.
How did you get back so soon?
Popcorn is my favorite snack.
I should really get some sleep.
What we had to do was really quite simple.
Do you think it's a sign?
Tom is lucky he didn't get shot.
You can't keep a secret.
I'll wait for you in front of the school.
Tom was able to go to college thanks to a scholarship.
I was quite satisfied.
Tom was the only one who was punished.
I've already been punished.
Did you tell Tom about your problems?
May I see you in private?
Could I see you in private?
We're going to have to change our plans.
What's wrong with my plan?
Tom bought a mobile phone.
Don't sign the contract in pencil.
Do you still have my phone number?
Where do you work now?
Maybe we should open it now.
Call Tom now.
Tom bought a new notebook.
I have what you need.
I still don't know your name.
Give me five more minutes.
Why are you so mean to me?
I have a certain amount of money on me.
Tom didn't know what he'd say to Mary.
Tom didn't talk to Mary.
Tom took the hammer away from Mary.
I remember this map.
I believe in love.
What have I got to lose?
They were going to lose.
Does anyone here know where Tom lives?
What does it sound like?
Why would I lie?
I almost never lie.
I've never seen Tom laugh.
You'll understand later.
You're not too late.
I think you're a lot stronger than you know.
You need to know.
Do you have a knife?
Tom asked if I'd found my key.
I love apple juice.
Were you able to do it?
Tom didn't know what Mary thought about it.
Tom didn't tell me much about it.
This movie is starting to get really interesting.
Don't you feel honored?
You don't have to hide.
Why do you need my help?
Did you notice Tom's hair?
I don't like that guy.
It's great.
I need a friend.
I consider myself fairly fluent in French.
Tom wondered where Mary had learned French.
All I want is my freedom.
Tom has recently become forgetful.
Maybe I'm just a fool.
It seems so familiar.
These must be fake.
Why did we fail?
I don't want to eat.
Why didn't you lock the door?
What are you girls doing?
Is that all you have to do?
Is this your daughter?
Tom wondered why Mary was crying.
You'll be confused.
Do you wish to complain?
I promise that I'll come.
This piano is really cheap.
Nothing much has changed.
I was fired without cause.
Tom didn't know Mary had a boyfriend.
Who found my bag?
Don't you miss anything?
Don't you miss anything?
Do you know how old I am?
Has Tom come back already?
Tom will never see you again.
Tom will never see you again.
Tom will never see you again.
Tom didn't know what Mary was talking about.
Tom still doesn't know the truth.
Your family's waiting for you.
Serves you right.
That isn't cool.
Ouch! I bit my tongue.
Smell it.
There has never been a nation that was not eventually destroyed.
How much is this umbrella?
The company welcomes feedback from consumers who use their products.
Please look over the map on page 25.
Please look at the map on page 25.
"Does it taste good?" "Yeah, it's good."
I will buy a new umbrella.
I plan on buying a new umbrella.
You were supposed to tell Tom that.
Water is life.
Only four horses participated in the competition.
You know that I'm willing to try this.
Washington's neocons should not push their aircraft carriers too close to Russia and China. These two countries have the weapons they need to pulverize them.
You have to go to school.
It's all you can really do.
Tom was exposed to a wide variety of music as a child through his mother's vast record collection.
Marco bought his son a car.
Do you want to eat something else?
Do you want to drink anything?
When you needed a friend, Tom was there.
No one was killed in the fire.
She was very afraid of him.
Alcohol is the enemy.
Can you teach me to fly?
I am telling you the truth.
I know that you like coffee.
I work in the nighttime.
Trust him. He's an expert on the subject.
I am the boss in my office.
The bank is not open for business on Sundays.
The bank has already closed.
There are one hundred people in my school.
A magazine can tell more about a story than a newspaper.
The man's body temperature is higher than normal.
They want to buy a new house and a new car.
The doctor is taking the patient's pulse.
The doctor is examining the foot.
If you get sick, go to the doctor.
Keep in touch with friends on the web at an Internet café.
I can keep in touch when I travel by finding an internet café.
The boy is picking yellow flowers.
She is taller than me.
What exactly happened to you?
Here's your tea.
The survivors were found on an island, dying of starvation.
Tom was waiting inside his cabin.
They sometimes help us.
Tom asked Mary to help.
Stay with us in this room.
I've been hanging out with him.
We need to meet with her.
I had lunch with him today.
I want nothing to do with her.
I once went to Boston with her.
I actually agree with you.
I want him to do it alone.
You shouldn't trust me.
Of course, I told them.
Of course, I told her.
I told them you were hungry.
I can't talk to them right now.
I'll go talk to them right now.
I offered it to them.
Let me explain it to you.
You're better than him.
Tell her where we've gone.
Tell him everything.
What do we tell him?
We still have to tell them.
Did anyone tell him?
Can I take him home?
I've got to stop her.
I haven't seen you all day.
I didn't want to see them again.
We won't see you again.
We can't see them.
I didn't see her today.
You might see me there.
You might see me there.
I'll see her tonight.
I'll see him before that.
Why can't I see them?
Did anybody see him leave?
Don't you remember him?
I can't seem to reach her.
I won't give up on her.
I'm so proud of her.
I've always been proud of you.
I've always been proud of you.
I know you think highly of him.
I took care of her.
I finally met her today.
When do you want to meet them?
I'm glad you got to meet him.
We'll meet him there.
I want to make her proud of me.
They loved her.
They didn't like you.
Why would anyone not like her?
Let us stay.
We can't leave him.
Do you happen to know them?
Do you know who killed them?
Why don't you go and join her?
No one would hurt you.
Are you going to hurt her?
We hired him.
Why don't we help them?
I'm supposed to help her.
It's our job to help you.
It's our job to help her.
You may have to help her.
I'm going to help them.
I think I'd better help you.
I hated him.
Do you hate her that much?
Give her a moment.
We should give her some time.
Maybe we should give them a hand.
I'll give him a hand.
Why should I give him money?
I gave him a sedative.
I bought it from him.
I got a call from her.
Please stay away from him.
We've found her.
I haven't found them yet.
I won't pay for him.
Look what I made for you.
We're looking for him.
I looked for her.
They will follow her.
We've decided not to fire you.
I want you to find them.
I need you to find him.
I'll try to find them for you.
I have to find him.
No one's going to find you.
I couldn't find her.
I couldn't find her anywhere.
You'd better find them.
Everyone left except them.
It disappointed me.
You've defeated him.
I can't convince them.
I didn't confront them.
This directly concerns you.
We'll never catch him.
I'm calling them back.
Please don't call me again.
I can call her.
Bring him over.
They smiled at her.
Don't look at them.
Have you asked her for help?
Who asked her to come?
I'll ask them.
I'm not upset about her.
I wasn't talking about him.
We know so little about you.
I heard about them.
I didn't say I was scared.
Tom is out on an errand.
Tom was bitten by a snake.
Tom deceived me.
Tom is helping me.
Tom is good to me.
Please tell Tom I'm here.
Tom's in there.
We're waiting for Tom to leave.
Tom ate half the cake by himself.
Tom is eating something.
I don't know who's coming.
Tom wanted to know where we were going.
Tom is almost six feet tall.
Tom is our oldest son.
Tom bought a car.
Tom isn't as innocent as he seems.
I know this hasn't been easy for you.
Tom is worried for his safety.
Where do you want to go tomorrow?
Tom is quite likely to be late.
Tom didn't buy any bread.
Tom was sent to the worst prison in the country.
Tom fell into the ice-cold water of the river.
Tom made a bet with Mary.
Tom played with his dog.
Tom had to sell his house.
Tom doesn't pay attention in school.
I know that it's hard to believe.
"What if you're wrong?" "I'm not wrong."
Dan lied to his associates.
I know. I was there.
Dan learnt about Linda's death in the news.
Linda really likes chocolate.
Tom is very important to me.
Let’s order the lobster! I’ve heard that’s the specialty dish here.
Greece is an old country.
I don't like salad.
It started raining.
The red fish is swimming in the ocean.
Tom didn't give me what I asked him for.
Many Jews were expelled by the Germans.
I'd like your help.
He should buy a new bicycle for his son.
What languages are spoken in your country?
What language is spoken in your country?
Tom knows that I don't like him.
Dan wanted you to know that he didn't hate you.
That can't be!
The Sun is in the center of the solar system.
Mercury is the smallest planet in our solar system.
Tom no longer trusts Mary.
Tom told Mary he had a lot of money.
Tom wanted to see Mary's room.
Did they already know each other?
Nobody knows her.
When do you know me from?
When did you get to know me?
For centuries, astronomers believed that the Milky Way made up the entire universe. Hubble was among the first to show that the fuzzy patches in the sky seen through telescopes were other galaxies, not distant parts of the Milky Way.
Vikings 1 and 2 became the first space probes to successfully land on the surface of Mars.
Brahe catalogued over 1000 stars.
He is studying.
The school year ended.
Crying today, laughing tomorrow, I'm not looking to be understood; I have my pride.
I want to spend the whole day with you.
Don't let it get you down!
What we need is a little more time.
Will you wait a minute?
Will you wait a moment?
Tom has been expecting Mary.
Tom hasn't called Mary yet.
I was certain that you'd come.
Do you love your mother?
Do you have a lot of time to relax?
Dan didn't even live in London.
Dan didn't even take basic anatomy classes.
I come from Beijing.
I come from Taipei.
You come from Taipei.
They come from Beijing.
You come from Beijing, right?
At the time, you were outside.
I can become angry.
If it happened to Tom, it could happen to you.
Dan has to learn to think for himself.
What is your natural hair colour?
I don't want you.
No abduction had been reported in that town since 1965.
Dan's home phone was tapped by police.
Dan had started calling Linda almost a year before they met up.
The bathtub was filled with hot water and flower petals.
Now who's going to help you?
Perhaps I'll be able to help you.
Have you found your ticket yet?
Tom was a teacher for nearly thirty years.
This book is well written.
Is everything going OK at work?
Are you going to be in Boston this weekend?
Are you certain this is what you want?
This is Tom's umbrella.
Do you have a pair of tweezers?
This is going to be a great trip.
The guy with a beard is Tom.
Did you learn that from Tom?
I think I can run as fast as Tom.
Why did you show me this?
What are you doing down there?
Could you stop saying that?
Were you serious about that?
There were three survivors.
We've got to do something about this problem soon.
What did you name your son?
Perhaps we could get a drink sometime.
Tom is now studying in his room.
Tom didn't have enough money to pay the rent.
Whose idea was it to call the police?
We need to make a plan.
How tall are your parents?
How will we protect ourselves?
How did you get to know each other?
Do you have any idea what's been going on?
Is it OK for me to come in now?
Where were you yesterday morning?
Can I talk to you privately for a minute?
What's this supposed to mean?
Did Tom ever tell you how he first met Mary?
Tom is an extraordinary man.
Couldn't we wait a little longer?
It's really not important.
Where's the next train going?
This should be a lot of fun.
What do you two do for fun?
Tom wished he could understand French.
There's a back entrance.
Tom told me that he doesn't like carbonated drinks.
Tom said he wasn't sure what Mary wanted to do.
Could you help me find my dog?
Tom can't have done what you think he did.
What did you do to make Tom cry?
Tom is the only boy in our class.
Tom showed us his new car.
Where's your other brother?
Actually, it was pretty boring.
That's a little hard to believe.
Tom undressed and got into bed.
Shouldn't you still be in bed?
What do you suppose this could be?
Do you have any idea where Tom could be?
I'll stay with Tom until you get back.
Are you sure you don't want me to say anything?
Tom was too scared to say anything.
Tom joined our company three years ago.
Tom started dating Mary three months ago.
They blamed Tom for causing the accident.
What are you two arguing about?
Where is your other younger brother?
I'm not asking you. I'm begging you.
Dan left Linda when life became unbearable with her.
Nothing is more sad than stupidity and apathy.
Tom studies at Harvard.
Sorry, we don't accept credit cards.
I love you. Will you marry me?
So many languages, so little time...
Tom knew how to do that.
Do you eat breakfast every day?
What do you usually eat for lunch?
Mary grabbed her purse and left.
I'm from Rome.
You know I have no choice, don't you?
He's really interested in biology.
He is the odd one of the family.
Even if you don't want to, you have to go.
The Island of Taiwan's surface area is thirty-six thousand square kilometers.
So tasty!
I want to become rich.
I want to eat something tasty.
Do you feel bored?
The audience seems to feel bored.
That smells bad.
Tom stopped me from entering the bank.
Do it again, the same as last time.
We had a lot of visitors yesterday.
You should help him.
I will help him to the best of my ability.
Wine helps with digestion.
We were very sorry we couldn't help them.
They helped each other do homework.
His pride prevented him from asking others for help.
Soap can clean grime.
I didn't want to mislead anyone.
I'm not in a mood to see you today.
Where is the hammer?
Where's the hammer?
Tom went to Boston for a week.
I slept on the bus.
Though tears may flow down your face, I won't look back.
He has enormous potential.
I remember the way you used to dance.
The future belongs to the few among us who are still willing to get their hands dirty.
Can you feel the difference?
Since communism became obsolete and the dictatorship of the proletariat is out of date, capitalism proves to be the best so far, even though it itself is still a threat for humanity.
My ID card has expired, what should I do?
His paralysis is progressing, and soon he won't be able to get out of bed.
If I won the lottery, I'd buy a new car.
This is where Tom usually parks his car.
My wife is afraid to drive my new car.
My sister and I went to the castle.
... Otherwise it is (or will be) hard to avoid a counterproductive situation.
Where was the mistake?
I have more experience than Tom.
I admit that I was a little drunk.
The chicken is pink.
The chicken is undercooked.
The chicken is raw.
I'm a senior high school student.
I admit, at that time I was a little drunk.
I can say with certainty that he hates me.
Tom cried for a long time.
Mary invited my best friend to a party, but not me.
I really want to know what's going on.
The year 2014 has arrived.
Here are some pictures.
How did you accomplish this?
I'm getting endlessly annoyed by this foolishness.
I am looking for you.
Mary doesn't usually wear jewelry.
Tom went over and sat down next to Mary.
Tom said that he lost his key.
I'm on my way to meet Tom at the station right now.
Tom made a list of places he wanted to visit.
Tom knew that Mary was upset.
Tom said he didn't want to go drinking with us.
Are you coming next week?
I knew that something was wrong.
Tom didn't have a fever this morning.
You don't need to be there.
I've promised Tom that I'd be there.
I tried to convince Tom to come home.
My passport has expired.
Tom's passport has expired.
The blueberry cake he made was delicious.
Where did you see him?
We have to leave in five minutes.
Hanako and Taro went to eat some sushi.
Can I drive the tractor?
Tom doesn't look like his father at all.
I'll bet you a hundred dollars that Tom is gay.
Can you name one of their songs?
Anyone can attend my lectures, but not everyone can understand them.
Everyone was drunk.
Everyone was drunk, except me.
Tom bought a rose for Mary.
Those tulips are beautiful.
What's wrong, honey?
Who told you that Tom and I are dating?
We met at the church.
She's afraid of losing money.
The blanket is still wet.
"Where were you?" "I was at a friend's house."
Mary put some flowers in the vase.
You need to put more water in the vase.
It was a very stupid decision.
Tom added both his and Mary's name to the list.
Do you have a steady boyfriend?
Are we going to surrender to these monsters?
Tom is extremely romantic.
Suddenly, a ship appeared through the fog.
The flash wasn't working, so he couldn't take a picture in the dark.
Mary and Alice are a legally married same sex couple.
Is there anything that worries you right now?
I love you as fresh meat loves salt.
How was the food?
We held hands, once.
This is a wig.
I will live.
They treat me like a child.
We had a lot to drink.
Our colleague's mother passed away.
I suggest that, out of politeness, we drink as little as possible.
I can't lift a suitcase heavier than 30 kilos.
The two of us are students.
He is just passing the blame onto others.
People from the so-called first world look at us Latinos as if we hadn't invented the wheel yet.
The computer is undoubtedly a valuable tool.
Is the oven really closed?
That's right, I am talking about the mistake in this sentence.
I want to, but I can't.
There are many beautiful castles in northern Germany.
He promised not to tell anyone about it.
I want to buy a few pairs of sunglasses.
Where are you going to take me?
I don't know if today is Tuesday or Wednesday.
We're intimate friends.
Who's gonna read such a thick book?
Don't you ever go near my girl again.
The girls were asleep.
Is it true Tom can't read or write?
Tom doesn't write to me anymore.
We should've bought three bottles of wine.
Tom said he didn't see anything.
I'd like to try this on. Where are the fitting rooms?
What do you think was the most read article this year on the Japanese version of Wikipedia?
"I think perfection is ugly", he said. "Somewhere in the things that humans make, I want to see scars, failure, disorder, distortion."
I'm just writing a letter to my girlfriend.
What does that mean in Arabic?
What does this mean in Arabic?
Could you ask her to call me?
Everyone wants what they can't have.
It's a slip of the pen.
You filthy beast, get out of here!
I have to say I envy you guys.
Sitting down all day is bad for you.
Can you tell me a little about yourself?
I baked some apple pies.
Did you forget to lock the door last night?
He is a coward.
Is the work hard?
Mozart: one of the great musical prodigies of all time.
How high is Mount Everest?
It's been raining all the time lately.
New Year! New Career!
Address the matters, and not the people involved.
Mathematicians love to prove things.
The professor has office hours every Tuesday afternoon.
If you have questions, please come to my office hours.
Last year I was a TA for calculus.
He is a tutor for the math department.
He has a master's degree in mathematics.
I'm from a different planet.
Mars is "the Red Planet".
That planet is called Saturn.
This is a book about public policy.
Tom got mercury poisoning from eating canned tuna every day.
It would be better with your younger sister.
It can be better with your younger sister.
The family is the fundamental unit of society.
Drink the soup while it is hot.
Tom doesn't like to discuss his work.
Venus has no moons.
I can provide my family with food and clothing.
Venus' air pressure is very high.
Venus' atmospheric pressure is very high.
He caught 20 butterflies.
I got to the bank and luckily didn't have to get in line.
I don't understand any French.
Please give me some advice on what I should do.
How long has Tom been living in Boston?
Do you guys want to go with me?
I would like to become a poet.
No one can stand you!
I would like to understand your home country.
Have you lived in Japan for long?
You can't be young.
Do you know whether or not it will rain tomorrow?
Do you know whether or not it'll rain tomorrow?
How often do the buses depart?
This is not a cat, it is a dog.
I am playing Chopin.
It seems that I am going to order some dessert.
A woman's tongue is her sword.
These materials are all reusable and recyclable.
Tom does not know the difference between charcoal and carbon.
Marta loves me.
What a pity that I did not see it.
The results of the Chinese Academy of Sciences' survey are like this.
I wanted to go, but I forgot.
I was bored, so I fell asleep.
Do you like to watch movies?
You definitely should not skip this step.
Do you have any cats?
They don't want to grow old.
The weatherman's forecast is almost certainly wrong.
I think this is true.
She has not smiled at me.
The chemical symbol "H" stands for hydrogen.
Dad bought a book for me.
Your memory isn't too good.
It is very difficult to master French in just two or three years.
Then people knew, that the world is a sphere.
No one is caring for this patient.
No one is looking after this patient.
She is his best girlfriend.
My wife often called me when I was travelling abroad.
I live in Tehran.
I memorized his name and address.
You are a good driver.
You're a good driver.
We are conservative.
He won't be back tomorrow.
Even if she doesn't like you, you still have to finish the work.
Remember to brush your teeth.
Please serve the guests some coffee, dear.
You're contradicting yourself.
Tom is fat.
Tom's children can't speak French.
Eating raw eggs could be bad for you.
I have to pick one of them.
He asked if I like mathematics.
My mom gets out of bed before me.
You're not allowed to smoke here.
Can you speak Low German?
Tom refused to talk to me.
I counted to two hundred.
Does she like my hat?
We have physical education.
Try this!
I need time and space.
The bed took up a lot of space.
The bed takes up a lot of space.
This sofa takes up too much space.
I will never set my foot there again.
My father will not let me marry him.
My father did not let me marry him.
If you want to change the world, then you should start with yourself.
I didn't pay attention to what they were saying.
Has he already come?
I've always wanted to visit Turkey.
At the city center, there are many tall buildings.
The machine generated large amounts of electricity.
Ukrainian girls are the prettiest in the world.
You need a car if you live in the suburbs.
At first there will be many unrecognized words and grammatical forms, but don't be scared.
I am still reading.
I can't believe Tom was able to do this all by himself.
My father died when I was seven.
He asked me if I know her phone number.
I've told you not to give me any hickies!
Imagine what it would be like if you had a time machine.
Appearance isn't all.
You promised to take care of them.
I have no home to return to.
He's writing his mother a letter.
Tom studies philosophy at college.
Is this that hard?
Mother made me a doll.
I feel happy in her firm.
"Why should Japanese people have to study English? Foreigners should have to study Japanese!" "What you say makes sense!"
That's the reason she doesn't want to be with him anymore.
That's the village I was born in.
How do you think these poems are?
What do you think about these poems?
Don't interrupt!
Don't cut in!
Russia is bigger than Pluto.
Since it is the oval track, the distance between the planets and the sun differs at times.
Isn't he the graduate student of the University of Rome?
I'd like to be a graduate student through the test after graduation.
What did you guys go see?
Tom is a friend of my friend's.
Why don't we order the pizza?
It is very important to master English in short time.
"What kind of pet is always found on the floor?" "A carpet."
I know how to set a trap.
I'll see as I walk along.
I don't know whether he's younger or older than me.
Please don't mistake my meaning.
It's just imaginary.
It was two months ago that I arrived in Tokyo.
It's getting dark. I wonder if it's going to rain.
I don't know if you know or not, but here in America you're expected to tip the waiter.
Five times two equals ten.
Arabic is read from right to left.
"Excuse me, do you speak English?" "Yes. A little."
You're just a coward.
Someone stole my wallet on the train.
You are a fast learner.
That hurts! Stop it!
I apologize for the methods used to get you here.
Are there beautiful women here?
Mr. Goat Butt never told me there would be a partner.
That's why no one wants to work with you.
He's my underling.
I'm checking for laser beam alarm triggers.
Would you like me to get you something from the supermarket?
This apple juice is pure.
The flower is yellow.
Who are you looking for, Tom?
Tom is a Briton.
Before going to bed, I took three pills to stop a cold.
The guests are in the kitchen.
Tom's house has a nice garden.
I never thought something like that could happen.
She felt dazed.
They say that Marie Antoinette was responsible for the French Revolution.
A person who likes flowers can't be evil.
Open your eyes, people!
It took a long time for me to get accustomed to the Venezuelan accent.
Could you tell me your name and your number?
What is your marital status?
The large crowd roared in approval as Mark Knopfler played the first few bars of "Money for Nothing".
What's your marital status?
Tom's daughter pretended not to know him when he came to pick her up from school in his battered old car.
All this is new to me.
I am certain that we will find a solution.
I am sure that we will find a solution.
Why can't we have pizza?
Is that even a word?
It can only be her.
Masturbation leads to insanity.
Is someone knocking on the door?
I am very interested in learning Chinese.
Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards.
Did they buy juice?
I live too far away.
You're very shy.
Probably.
Both of her cheeks turned red.
Don't step in the mud.
My husband's not in town.
I'm sure we'll find a solution.
This laptop is thin and light.
Why should I care what you think?
A glass of wine, please.
I want to go to Hawaii.
This is very expensive.
We were robbed.
They have jobs.
It was a blast.
I'm still angry.
I thought my head would explode.
He is capable of robbery.
I love this car.
Everyone is here now.
I've dreamt about you nearly every night this week.
How many secrets can you keep?
I don't know if you feel the same as I do.
Both of you are wrong.
This word is difficult.
I know something!
Her mom is from Spain and her dad is from Italy, that's why she can speak both Spanish and Italian.
He really likes languages.
I love speaking Spanish.
I love the name Bella, it means pretty, right?
This is the house of Mary, her brother and their parents.
Ally loves playing with her twin sister Anne.
I also prefer white chocolate to regular chocolate.
They abandon their children.
There's no coffee left.
We know it's hard to quit smoking.
The due date for submitting the application is this Friday.
Ten years ago, our parents died in a car crash.
Is love just a game to you?
The economic situation of the country worsened.
You must study five pages per day.
To his credit he knows what he's talking about.
This event benefits no one.
This is too expensive.
When you're done sweeping, I'll mop.
They'll be taking turns teaching the class.
I want Tom to let Mary finish.
The movie was so good I'd like to see it again.
Their goal and activating main idea was indeed brotherhood and justice among the peoples.
The residents protested outside the sex shop that opened in their neighborhood recently.
Tom is not very good at it.
Recently someone told me about a language website, tatoeba.org, which I will definitely check out.
I'm not pregnant.
If you marry a chicken follow the chicken, if you marry a dog follow the dog.
We must learn to accept the people around us.
A woman should follow whatever her husband orders.
Tom biked 30 km to the store to buy strawberries for his pregnant wife.
He is very stubborn.
He is a stubborn person.
Originally, you were very stubborn.
I waited for him for a long time.
I recognised them in France.
I did not recognise them.
His son has talent, but cannot pass the college entrance exam.
In Colombia, Catholic customs prevail.
Tom is suspicious of Mary even though he declares otherwise.
That's a pagoda.
They flunked their exams.
She was the last guest.
I invited her to the movies.
I doubt that he's a lawyer.
It is a great joy to see your own sentences translated into a multitude of other languages.
I want people to appreciate the beauty of my native language, and I want to experience how beautiful other languages can be, too.
Most toothpastes contain fluoride.
He recently found a good job.
Tom is a tax inspector.
I asked because I thought you knew.
You can never know what will happen.
We actually intended to go to the beach tomorrow, but it's expected to rain.
How much do you like baseball?
When it comes to movies I like anything, as long as it's not horror.
The word ‘antonym’ is antonymous to ‘synonym’.
The flight was cancelled.
Ah, those Russians!
Happy Qixi Festival!
Take off your clothes!
It was once very peaceful there, but now you'll sometimes hear the sound of passing vehicles.
I have to share this room with my friend at present.
Something is changing.
Today is the fifth of March.
There wasn't a dry eye in the house.
Mary is fairly plain, but Tom thinks she's the bee's knees.
The plane had five hundred passengers on board.
Kiss me, you fool!
I don't want to play anymore.
You don't speak English in your home.
Where can I borrow a car?
Tom got into trouble because of Mary.
I was waiting for something to happen.
Since when do you learn Japanese?
My gums are bleeding.
Can you have a look at my gums?
Right now, we have blueberries, blackberries, cherries, strawberries, peaches and nectarines.
Why have you been late to school every day this week?
Tom is single and has a three-year-old daughter.
Tom and Mary have three sons and a daughter.
Tom and Mary have three cats and two dogs.
They're young, but they have experience.
Tom and Mary have a daughter and a son.
We're having an office party tomorrow.
You're lucky to have such a good job.
We've never had this problem before.
Tom shouldn't have been here today.
Tom is divorced and has a daughter.
Tom has a veterinary background.
Tom's house has three bedrooms.
Tom has no brothers or sisters.
Tom has a girlfriend in Boston.
Tom has a 13-year-old daughter.
Tom had numerous girlfriends.
You have to be proactive.
We have no electricity.
Tom has a twin brother.
Tom has no siblings.
Tom had no children.
We have three kids.
We have many goals.
Monday is Tom's thirtieth birthday.
Things are totally different now.
The stripes were horizontal.
The pressure was tremendous.
The neighborhood was silent.
The losses are incalculable.
Tom will probably be there.
Tickets are available now.
Tom is a Boston native.
That was really unfair.
They should be scared.
Tom is really gifted.
That was pretty neat.
Why isn't that good?
Tom should be happy.
The picture is nice.
That was a disaster.
Is this really real?
Tom is more active.
Tom is handicapped.
They were so young.
Everybody is alive.
Tom is happy here.
This is expensive.
Everything is bad.
Everyone was fine.
Tom was sobbing.
This is typical.
What a bizarre story!
Admission is $3.00 at the door.
I was quite annoyed.
Tom never did what we asked him to do.
I should've asked Tom to help.
We need Tom back.
Both teams are unbeaten.
Tom became a minister.
Trouble began immediately.
I love that book.
Is anything bothering you?
Breathing was difficult.
Tom was buried Monday.
Listen and listen carefully.
That's a huge challenge.
Many of the immigrants changed their names.
Tom can change.
Is the post office still closed?
Dreams sometimes do come true.
Come again next week.
Tom suddenly looked concerned.
I could hear birds singing outside my window.
People should be dancing.
You're the one who must decide.
Everything depends on it.
It was truly depressing.
Everybody will die.
Tom joined the discussion.
I don't think I've ever made any serious mistakes.
I suggest that you don't trust Tom too much.
Did the police find any fingerprints?
Tom was too afraid to do anything.
It's time to get some work done.
Do you think Tom will show up?
I don't want any excuses.
Did Tom show an interest?
We don't have any water.
Tom doesn't have a dad.
Tom loves doing this.
Something did happen.
Does Tom play tennis?
Do you like shopping?
You do have choices.
Everybody did that.
Do you like flying?
Tom did nothing.
We expect to win.
I felt good tonight.
I felt comfortable.
I feel comfortable.
Tom finally understood it.
Tom recently found a good job.
Tom used a fire extinguisher to try and put the fire out.
They should all be fired.
Tom should be fired.
Have you been fired?
When was Tom fired?
When was Tom fired?
Tom is the easy-going sort.
It may never happen.
Are you really willing to help?
Someone yelled for help.
I'm glad you're not in my circle of friends.
There's no money left in my bank account.
There's no money left in my bank account.
I wasn't aware that Tom was sleeping.
Tom has always been very nice to me.
My favorite sport is baseball.
Everyone I know uses Google.
I was truly astonished.
I was nervous, too.
I work long hours.
I was so homesick.
I'm not the boss.
I like these.
The warnings were ignored.
Our situation should improve in the near future.
This is a very informative article.
Everybody jumped into the pool.
Tom knows the difference.
You should know this.
Were you in Boston last summer?
We probably should've left early.
How much longer will you stay in Boston?
We love our school.
Have we made progress?
Your opinion matters.
Dozens are still missing.
Maybe you should move.
You need to register by Monday.
Tom has a tattoo of a skull on his chest.
Tickets are on sale now.
A permit is required.
We have to have a plan.
Tom plans to return.
Are you a practicing physician?
Training will be provided.
Tom currently resides in Boston.
There were risks.
Why were you so scared?
You should stay away from Tom.
Maybe you should study harder next time.
They were surprised.
They took our passports.
Those were difficult times.
Have you traveled anywhere recently?
You were treated unfairly.
Are they treated fairly?
Tom wants popcorn.
We should've worked harder.
They work really hard.
The system worked.
Nobody should be worried.
Tom should be worried.
Should Tom be worried?
Should we be worried?
Why worry about Tom?
Why worry about it?
Tom wrote a letter to Mary this morning.
This is a well-written article.
That song was written by Tom.
Who wrote these stories?
Tom wrote us postcards.
Write your goals down.
Write everything down.
What has happened to you?
I am Tom's grandfather.
Tom goes for a walk every morning.
I don't know where you want to go.
It's really dark here. I can't see anything.
The trees blocked the scenery.
The room is cold.
I really don't need any help.
When I came home, my little sister was playing the guitar.
That is a circus!
I like flowers.
Old people often talk to themselves.
I kissed her on her forehead.
I went running past them.
The scar on his forehead really stands out.
With those words he brought the meeting to an end.
"I'm leaving tonight." "Don't give me that!"
"I'm leaving tonight." "Don't give me that!"
I haven't seen her at all lately.
The others are leaving. What do you say we wait for them to go away and talk for a while?
He came across an outstanding young person.
An argument erupted between her and her father.
Damn, it's hot!
The world is just like a book, and every step you take is like turning a page.
Let's just rest here for a little while, my feet are aching so much I can't walk.
Okay, I got it. Cut the BS.
I got it, so no bullshit, okay?
John is a good friend.
A timely snow promises a good harvest.
Don't let appearances deceive you.
No matter what you do, don't laugh!
That is one of my best time in my life.
That was one of the best times of my life.
Tom speaks without thinking.
I want to learn Arabic.
A lot of our mistakes come from a lack of patience.
The source of many of our mistakes is a lack of patience.
Which do you prefer, dogs or cats?
deal with a man as he deals with you.
I'm now rich enough to afford to get anything I want.
Who did you hang out with last weekend?
Tom refused to answer any questions.
Arrangements have already been made.
Tom's office is on the third floor.
It's been an amazing experience.
Cash donations will be accepted.
Tom added broccoli to the stew.
That's a pretty big assumption.
Tom gave a different answer.
No arrests were ever made.
We didn't get an apology.
Why wasn't Tom arrested?
It was amazingly easy.
Tom taught me French.
The cat meows.
Sad!
That is a dog.
He made Tom lose hope.
Gao Dao is usually really suave, but he seems completely smitten in front of his girlfriend.
I've had enough of your excuses.
I've had enough of your lying.
She is like a beautiful dream.
We don't have any eggs left either.
It's hard to steal from a thief.
Tom wants us to hang the TV on the wall.
What do you plan on doing with the money?
I like the way it sounds.
I want to write a lot of sentences.
I speak a little Polish, just enough to make myself understood.
Such is life!
I love egg yolks.
Marie doesn't remember having turned the light off.
I'm so disappointed in him.
Arrogance leads to a person's downfall.
She wants to do it on her own.
The government will adopt enforcement measures to solve this problem.
World population has rapidly increased.
The weather is exceptionally frigid.
The weather is unusually cold.
Living costs have increased rapidly.
I admit, my wording is a bit direct.
We're amazed by the rapid growth in import quantities.
The rapid growth in imports amazes us.
Ten years after the wedding, everything is just routine.
Such questioning is routine police business.
Some people prefer conformity, while others seek novelty.
I would do it if I could.
I'm sorry!
Tom plays chess better than me.
Faster, Tom.
Excuse me. Where's the metro?
Excuse me. Where's the subway?
How can I return home?
You can take a taxi.
Is there a metro station here?
The metro station is quite far.
What stop is this?
Let's go by taxi.
Excuse me, where is the metro?
If only that lamp weren't shining in my eye.
Lincoln greeted his former political rival.
Do you like noodles with beef?
That guy drives me crazy.
Why are you so good at cooking?
I avoid discussing personal subjects with my boss.
PARENTAL ADVISORY: If your children use TATOEBA to study languages, please take the time to search any choice words you wouldn't want them to read - and don't be shy! You won't believe some of the uncensored filth they allow on here, since they feel "language is language."
I've been feeling sick for the last two days.
The cake is delicious.
However vast the darkness, we must supply our own light.
Every new day could be your last.
Sun lights the landscape, pain illuminates the soul.
I really enjoy your company.
Shh! Don't make a sound. We are playing hide-and-seek now. If you want to talk, go find somewhere else to hide.
Tom bought a house for Mary.
He weighs 80 kilos.
They haven't given up at all.
Who else knows about it?
That looks like blood.
I'm going to buy a dog tomorrow.
My mother is Greek.
"Hahaha! We're going to make it rain, boys! By this time next week, we'll be swimming in cash!"
She stood on tip-toe and whispered something in his ear, and then went away.
Where?
Set me free!
I'm going to make you a drink.
If the lion is the king of beasts, the eagle is the king of birds.
You hid behind the tree.
Tom should've discussed that with you.
Tom should've already discussed that with you.
Who's worried about Tom?
I'm not a native speaker.
If it's raining tomorrow, then we'll go there in the car.
If it's raining tomorrow, we'll go there by car.
I have already tried that.
I like freedom.
I like learning various languages.
I have a free spirit.
I really like Hebrew.
I live in Beijing now.
I currently live in Beijing.
The smoggy air of Beijing makes me feel gloomy.
If people have friendly relationships, I hope the world will be a better place.
I once hoped that my mother would survive until I got married.
Is it safe to skate on this lake?
How?
When?
I've got to go to the bank.
There is no time to explain.
Today is a cloudy day.
I like to take a walk after meals.
I don't feel very good when I haven't eaten breakfast.
Beijing has started to get colder.
I should put on more clothes.
I like to talk about tasty food with my friends.
My friends are all really nice.
I think that all the world's languages are very interesting.
I will continue to study Latin, because it is really interesting.
Her nervousness was noticeable.
Tom's ordeal was far from over.
Three weeks went by with no sign of Tom.
He's got pneumonia no wonder he is coughing nonstop.
She got hepatitis no wonder she is losing so much weight.
I would like to but I have a required course tonight.
What do you think I should wear on my date tomorrow?
If I understood you right you want to break up with me!
Come and dance with me!
I shot the horse because it had trouble breathing.
Tom has lived in Boston for over a year.
I'm gonna call the police!
The girl's father is a doctor.
George, if you are not listening to the radio then turn it off.
Why do you like smearing China so much?
I've never known anyone as hypocritical as you.
You're hurt.
"I can't find Tom." "Try ringing him."
At this very moment, you're reading and translating this.
I'm glad you came over.
I have been under a lot of pressure lately.
I've had a lot of work to do lately.
I have my feet firmly planted on the ground.
I saw Roy and he asked me to pass this along to you.
Where did the horse go?
I can't believe anyone anymore.
I can't believe anyone anymore.
Where are we meeting?
Tom robbed a bank.
Yesterday my big brother went to Fukushima to help the locals. I'm very afraid of the rise in radiation levels.
The five yuan coins are brass, and the ten yuan coins are made out of bronze.
Many schools are closed today because of the storm.
My teeth aren't as white as I'd like them to be.
I'm sure Tom won't have any trouble finding us.
Tom told me that he didn't want to go with us.
Tom didn't tell me he didn't know how to swim.
I don't think we'd have any chance of winning.
When I first met Tom, I didn't like him much.
Tom has been learning French for a few years.
I've never heard Tom speaking French before.
Have you had your eyesight checked recently?
Approximately thirty young people attended.
Don't ask Tom any questions about his job.
Tom hasn't talked to Mary about that yet.
Tom hasn't complained about anything yet.
Tom doesn't need to know where I'm going.
Tom gave us something to talk about.
What do you think of Tom's cooking?
They didn't speak French very well.
I'm clearly missing something here.
Don't let anyone press this button.
Tom's intentions were quite clear.
Tom doesn't usually eat breakfast.
The situation has become hopeless.
You couldn't handle the pressure.
Tom's comment was inappropriate.
I think Mary is very attractive.
Why would they need to do that?
Tom was in Boston last weekend.
Tom finished college last year.
Tom doesn't know how bad it is.
Tom doesn't have a temperature.
This doghouse was built by Tom.
Don't let Tom lie on the floor.
We're still a little confused.
Tom is the richest guy I know.
Tom has to do that right away.
They're trying to control you.
Everyone except Tom ate pizza.
We have a special connection.
Tom needs to be very careful.
Tom doesn't really love Mary.
Tom doesn't have to thank me.
This could hurt our business.
Thanks for returning my call.
I'll think it over carefully.
Tom will be there, won't he?
Tom didn't have to thank me.
I believe Tom will do that.
How could things get worse?
Tom is a very good singer.
Tom doesn't have the time.
Life has been very hard.
I think that would be fun.
I really don't believe so.
Breathe through your nose.
You're partially correct.
I understand the concept.
Don't tell Tom the truth.
Tom is coming next week.
I don't believe in that.
Tom is speaking French.
Tom can't ride a horse.
No one came except Tom.
How long would it take?
Why is change so hard?
Tom doesn't have time.
Tom can't afford this.
I'll be back tomorrow.
Don't let the dog out.
I couldn't leave Tom.
Tom's door is open.
I love this man.
Which one?
Which one?
They're typical youngsters.
This picture frame can make the picture rise in value.
You all were very good before, and now you're even better.
The city was full of starving soldiers.
You can't read too many books.
One can't earn too much money.
Drinking more water won't do you any harm.
Hippopotamuses love water.
You may take this.
He was seriously injured in the accident.
Nobody knows why she doesn't like me.
Currently Burj Khalifa is the tallest skyscraper in the world.
That's exactly what I wanted to see happen.
Tom complains all the time.
Is Tom a common name in your country?
Where's the dining room?
The air is very good in Beijing today.
She's going to return to her country.
She has her eyes closed.
She has been to France three times.
I have spoken with the Polish ambassador.
Mission accomplished.
He has twenty children.
Let's not mistake precision for accuracy.
Ah Mei is an adorable girl.
Tom couldn't conceal his disappointment.
Tom didn't come after all.
Tom asked Mary where her mother was.
Tom comes home almost every weekend.
We've seen all-round improvements lately.
Reformers aim to improve the government.
We are planning changes to the manufacturing process.
He's proposing a suggestion for altering the research method.
If you have something to say, just say it.
How far is it to this university?
Should I go this way, or that way?
Tom is waiting for everyone to leave.
I'll send it to you tomorrow.
I've got to go to the bank.
She used the apples to make the jam.
This company and I have signed a three-year contract.
I can't see anything without my glasses.
Someone told me about that.
The orphans were taken to the orphanage.
Linda is the most beautiful woman in the whole world.
I can't stand to live alone.
I won't talk to you until you've realized your mistake.
When you hurt others, you also hurt yourself.
I left Japan ten years ago.
Welcome to your new home.
I don't want to swim.
You really are an idiot.
We are going to the lake to have lunch.
He can overcome any obstacle.
Could you please transfer me to Mr. Smith?
My income has decreased ten percent.
There is clearly a problem.
Don't you think the name "The Sacred War" sounds a bit sarcastic?
Our work is almost done.
We like to play soccer.
My job is to forgive you, which I do.
They seldom watch television these days.
Do you still practise your religion?
He was banned from practising medicine.
She practised as a barrister for many years.
My questions were met with a frosty silence.
The inquest returned a verdict of accidental death.
Reluctantly, he started the engine and drove off.
Find someone who respects you.
Even crooked tree gives shade.
Tom is writing a letter to his best friend.
Tom is writing a letter to his best friend.
And what if I say "no"?
A rainbow has seven colors.
He is determined to succeed at any price.
Are you planning to be at Tom and Mary's wedding?
Tom bought a pair of black leather shoes.
Tom came a little earlier today than he usually does.
Tom came over to my house for dinner yesterday.
He is the man we were talking about.
I rest on Sunday.
Will I be the only one going to the party?
Hurry up!
Let's make some more.
I will call back a bit later.
Give me some more milk!
I will be back late.
I'll be back late.
Try to be a bit more modest.
Speak louder!
What else did he say?
I'm going to study harder.
Have some more.
Which one is easier?
In this kind of weather, it's best to stay home and not go outside.
If you're not listening to the radio, turn it off.
Do you believe in eternal life after death?
I won't need any help.
You've done what you needed to do.
Tom is no longer a member of this club.
Tom can swim faster than anyone else I know.
Tom can't come to work today because he doesn't feel well.
Tom carried the chairs to the next room.
Tom comes here three or four times a month.
Tom couldn't go to college because his family didn't have enough money.
Tom cut himself with his knife yesterday.
Tom did better this time than he did last time.
I think Tom's cheating.
I had nothing in common with them.
This is an old unit.
This is an old device.
Try it.
What vegetables do you want to buy?
You are the most beautiful girl I have ever seen.
He's a seasoned investigator.
I know I'm a burden; you don't have to repeat it.
I don't like to socialize.
I confess that I'm tired.
I feel that I am a burden to everyone, that no one will ever love me.
I feel that I'm a burden to everyone, that no one will ever love me, that I'm better off dead, because that way I wouldn't hurt anyone. However, on the other hand, I want to keep living and show everyone that I'm strong.
What Tom said doesn't apply in this situation.
Tom wrung out the towel and hung it up to dry.
Tom wrote Mary a long letter, but he didn't send it to her.
Tom wouldn't let anyone else in the room.
Tom wouldn't dare show his face around here again.
Tom would still be alive if he had been wearing his seat belt.
Tom worked very hard and earned a lot of money.
Tom worked hard to get the work done on time.
You're going to wreck your eyesight if you play games all the time.
Could we go somewhere and talk?
Could we go somewhere else?
Why are you trying to hide your feelings?
Mary hung her clothes on the clothesline.
Since no one was interested to listen to me, I just kept quiet.
Tom will come back from Boston next Monday.
Tom will be there for a few days.
Tom whispered something to Mary and she smiled.
Tom wasn't as handsome as Mary said he was.
Tom was unsatisfied with the results.
Tom was there physically, but not mentally.
I reckon he will be back soon.
I want you to bring Tom a letter.
Don't be so disgusting.
I am not a good swimmer.
Is that an area you are familiar with?
Even a child could do it.
What book are you reading?
Mary is the prettiest girl in class.
My home is far away.
We are staying at home because it's raining.
He is an independent thinker.
Tom wants to pay back the money he owes.
You seem like a very smart person.
How does she bring up her children?
She was the First Lady.
My son doesn't obey me.
I asked Tom what he was reading.
Where is the tree?
I don't have a guitar.
You're annoying me!
Even if I were rich, I wouldn't give him money.
You aren't Japanese.
Are all the prices the same?
His salary is high.
His salary is high.
God created all men equal but men think it differently.
Phrases are syntactical units.
You'd better take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
I can't believe you are eating something the doctor has told you repeatedly you shouldn't eat.
Tom has lost his interest in studying French.
He was late as usual.
Tom's task is to teach the kid horse riding.
We will continue the meeting after some light refreshments.
You are much too modest.
After that his life got even tougher.
Everyone hates know-it-alls.
She isn't pregnant.
I was bitten by a mosquito.
Happiness is not to be loved, but to love.
At what age will I be able to withstand what now hurts me so easily, makes me disheartened and anxious?
He has red flowers.
What does he do for a living?
Today we have a lot of food.
I'm a determined, organized, and responsible person.
This is my camera.
Her mother calls her.
My father is a good person.
Joseph can say 'I love you' in five languages.
I don't think they're coming.
Julia sings.
You must eat fruits.
We drank a little.
This is a big dog.
We know she lives in the city.
I must write books.
How do you say "lung"?
A woman is ever fickle and changeable.
The students are all learning English.
Their mother calls them.
My phone is broken.
Scott traded a watch for a book, and then traded the book for money.
The number 4 is considered an unlucky number in Japan.
Tom wanted Mary's phone number, but she refused to give it to him.
Tom turned right when he should've turned left.
Tom took out his key and opened the door.
Tom told us this morning that he and Mary were moving to Boston.
Tom told me that his father had passed away.
Tom told me that he'd like to become a doctor.
Tom told me that he won't come to school tomorrow.
Tom told me that he had lost his textbook.
Tom is a Christian in name only. He never goes to church.
Tom is the head of the company in name only. His son makes all the important decisions.
Just name a time and I'll be there.
We cannot see them.
Are we afraid of dying?
This dog jumped.
Lions, wolves, elephants, and horses are all animals.
Give me the sword.
Eat it.
Eat up.
Eat it.
I'm not feeling that hungry yet.
Sorry, I zoned out.
"What's the matter?" "I can't find my keys." "Which ones?" "My bicycle ones."
Is Natasha a common name in Russia?
Tom was conservative.
It's been two years since I started learning Chinese.
I can't concentrate. Do you mind turning off the TV?
After the accident, Tom decided to stop skating.
You're way too drunk.
He'll come with me.
Please be careful not to get hurt.
I can't even imagine my life without him.
Who wrote this story?
Is it true you're trying to do that?
Mary and Tom have been in love since the eighth grade.
The treaty was not a success.
The French Revolution began in 1789.
John Dalton was the creator of the atomic theory.
She gave me a hand gesture I didn't understand.
She is different from how she looks.
You should come over.
When I left the shopping center, the car wasn't where I had left it.
We played poker the entire day.
Tom translated a letter from French to English for his boss.
Do you want to speak to Tom?
Is Tom an illiteracy?
They are eating sandwiches.
You guys looked mad.
You guys looked mad.
I don't give a damn what people think about me.
I don't want to go to church today.
Her English is better than her French.
Tom is the tallest man I know.
Tom likes me the most.
He is too young to undertake this work.
I never conceal with you.
This is a nice place, but i don't want to live here.
There are so many example sentences using "Tom" and "Mike". It's very strange.
I don't know how to say this in Japanese.
It's too late to apologize.
Nobody knows where she is.
Nobody knew where she was.
I admit that if it weren't for him, the next ten years of my life would have been empty and devoid of purpose.
The repairs cost a lot more than 15 dollars, of course, but I am grateful to them for finding a solution.
I'm really looking forward to summer vacation.
Tom was stealing money for the last two years, and Mary knew it all the time.
I'm learning how to drive.
Tom has contributed a lot of money to this hospital.
Tom didn't try to hide the truth.
Tom didn't tell me the truth.
Tom didn't tell me his secret.
Tom didn't tell me her name.
Tom didn't show up at the party yesterday.
Tom didn't let his children go to Mary's party.
Tom didn't give me back my money.
Tom didn't give me back my money.
Tom didn't like the idea.
With the increase of cars, the air pollution has gotten worse.
Could you tell me the Wi-Fi password?
There are many people living near us.
She sleeps in the car.
She borrowed my scissors.
Tom was hit by a truck and died instantly.
Mary doesn't like men who are stingy like Tom.
Australia is the world's fifth-largest coal producer.
My parents usually speak to each other in French, even though my mother is a native English speaker.
My mother speaks French better than my father speaks English, so they usually speak to each other in French.
Tom studied French for three years.
They gave away the ending.
I've just returned from the post office.
I've just spoken to your French teacher and he says you're doing well in his class.
I need an assistant who speaks French.
Do you regret marrying me?
That was the first time I'd seen Tom so angry.
Please don't tell your parents this.
What is your native language?
Who's going to believe that?
Are you saying that you give up?
I heard nothing about that.
Twice I have tried to kill myself.
Bob also can drive.
Bob can also drive.
Bob is also able to drive.
Call her at 3.
She is a so-called bookworm.
Tom is now living in Boston.
Is Tom living in Boston?
You'd better keep your money for a rainy day.
This message will self-destruct in five seconds.
I don't know his last name.
The service here is awful.
Did you ever get married?
The feeling of the first time is like sunny.
Nothing can resist me to yearn for freedom.
Is this way of talk will more typical?
Can you taste what is missing?
What a pity that the number of foolish people is more than clear people.
I hear about that the network is very popular now.
The difference between a standalone sentence and a sentence in the middle of an essay is that the latter has context.
Goodbye, Ian.
What a huge setback will make a people suicide.
If earth will go into the Glacial period,what will you prepare.
PHP is the best language in the world.
After authenticating,this people's ideology is not healthy.
Do you have deep sea phobia?
This newspaper office is famous in local people.
The privacy of people is a joke.
Are you afraid of insects?
Are you afraid of bugs?
I'm a swot.
There are two things you must remember them is you can't make women frightened,and don't waste good wine.
Even if an intelligent man loves a woman deeply, he will never show his love to her, but merely keep it in his heart.
I'm two years younger than Tom.
Could you please talk a bit louder? I can't hear very well.
The accident's only survivor was a baby.
How many years did Tom spend in Boston?
Do you weigh more than Tom?
Don't worry about what he said.
Who is your favourite director?
Alaska is a U.S. state.
Everyone's used to calling Shanghai "Módū" and calling Beijing "Dìdū".
Tom didn't waste any time, did he?
The "family manager" is a profession, occupation, vocation.
Tom spends most of his spare time practising the guitar.
Did I say something I shouldn't have?
What do you mean? What do you want to tell me?
I ate all my oranges.
That four-year plan has to be approved.
The engineer is working in France.
She is always at school.
I'll give you an apple.
I'll give you money.
I had four children.
My name is Irakli.
I love roads.
The main problem with Tom is that he has no sense of humor.
He often comes to see me.
This restaurant is particular about cutlery.
Christmas Gingerbread / honey cake is a traditional dessert of Germany
He paid him four dollars.
The truth and simplicity of nature is always the most important foundation of noteworthy art.
There are daisies next to the steel building.
There are daisies around the steel building.
In the evening quiet, we enjoy the song of the euphonious nightingale.
Is the water in the Black Sea actually black?
You have beautiful legs.
Austria is one of the largest producers of electricity in Europe.
I feel a yearning for the university.
I yearn for the university.
We are still doing well.
I think Tom needs something to write.
Mama had a crippled face.
You stink.
You should take up golf.
You should run for city council.
You should know that's impossible.
You should be a diplomat.
Why should you think that?
Why should we help?
Why should it be different?
Why should I thank Tom?
Why should I hire Tom?
Why should anyone be surprised?
Which way should we go?
Where else should we go?
What steps should we take?
What should I look for?
They decided the date for the trip.
It feels like it's going to absorb you into another world.
He wants no kind of flowers.
He does not want any kind of flowers.
Courage is very important. Like a muscle, it is strengthened by use.
Are you speaking or not?
Originally, I knew nothing about it at all!
He is an honest person, and he always be lied.
Don't get angry at me!
You are not answering the question correctly.
Bro, what's your family name?
Second best is never enough.
Old dogs can learn new tricks.
Not all Germans like to drink beer.
Why should it be necessary?
I'd like to dance.
Don't make fun of me. I'm serious.
Tom told me that he has no intention of marrying you.
It's clear that he has no intention of marrying you.
Tom's eyes were glued to the screen.
Doing the laundry is my job.
What got him so upset?
I spread cheese on bread.
I can't approve the proposal by myself.
Dream on!
To hope is better than to despair.
Instead of him, my brother was arrested.
Are you saying Tom's hiding something from us?
Who will commemorate me when I'm dead?
That's one of the things that I like about Tom.
Wherever you go, I will go too.
Tom was the best friend I've ever known, but he also disappointed me.
Are you able to play organ?
He aimed, but missed.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.
How tall do most palm trees grow?
I don't want to marry a stupid man!
I'm sorry, Tom, but seeing how much you've dissapointed me, I'm afraid that I am unable to believe in your abilities.
Am I seriously the only one who isn't bilingual here?
Did you not know that?
You'd better eat!
I tried to draw a stick figure, but I failed when I started to draw the circle. It looked like a loop-sided oval.
It would be better if you would eat more.
You'd better eat something.
There is absolutely no reason that you should even attempt to speak with the Chinese girls, or at least these ones. They're so rude!
Alrighty kids! So for this art project, all of you guys will split into groups of 3 - 5 people.
We'll be going outside to observe nature for this. Thus, a good pencil, eraser, and possibly a paint brush are required.
Okay! Does everyone understand?
The students went all over the classroom looking for their friends and buddies, unfortunately to the point at which Junior couldn't find anyone!
I'm living the dream.
Everyone here already seems to be with a partner... what am I going to do?
We're sorry, Ami, but you can't be part of our group because it would... you know... exceed the 5-people-per-group limit.
Don't worry, I'm sure that I can find someone else!
She again told tales out of school.
Did you bring them?
Is a common European identity possible?
Courage is a strange thing: One can never be sure of it.
In life, you gain and lose things, but also can't force things to happen.
Being at least bilingual is a must in today's world.
"I'm going to count up slowly to three, Mary, and you'll wake up." "I'm already awake, Mister Kant."
This store has lots of great gifts.
Junior, why don't we go into a group together?
I'm sure that it'll be fun!
Well... the teacher said that we have to go into a group of 3-5 people, so this isn't going to work.
Um... can we join your group?
This deal is mine, so you need to just settle down and agree with me.
No! Absolutely not!
If not now, when?
I'm sure that it'll be fun.
I was like that too, when I was younger.
Tom can't sleep without a light on.
The Old Testament forbids eating shellfish.
You chose this job yourself, right?
You're the one who decided to do this job, right?
We're still doing well.
Mary tied an apron around her waist and then took the turkey out of the oven.
According to a study published in 2016, Germany is the best country in the world and Canada is the second best country.
Shouldn't Tom be doing this, too?
People should get more involved.
People are counting on us.
Some people criticized our decision.
It didn't cross my mind.
Your name has been crossed off the list.
Tom can't cross the border.
That thought crossed my mind.
Tom often goes cross-country skiing.
We kept our fingers crossed.
When do you have to go to bed?
Tom wrote his name in the sand with a stick.
Tom declined to give details.
Tom decided not to wait.
You don't have to buy me anything.
Do you think they followed us?
Do you think they followed us here?
I was secretly in love with him.
I'm British.
This chair is really comfortable to sit on.
You must be joking! I can't find my passport!
They did not see anything.
He's also just a politician.
The simplest way is often the best way to solve a problem.
Do you need to buy anything?
People usually don't like what they don't understand.
My mother opened the door very carefully.
I died.
Tom helped us all.
I have to go to the dentist this afternoon.
Mum is making a cake.
This is a stupid design.
The design itself is flawed.
Is breakfast included?
Europeans tried to civilise the tribe.
I am Armenian.
I was overseas at the time.
I don't like animals.
From now on, try harder.
Follow your own path and let people talk.
Stop swearing, please.
Did they sign?
Did they sign?
Did they sign?
Did they sign?
I'm secretly in love with her.
I had to stay at home.
Have a good rest!
It is food.
It is eating.
He eats.
How do I sign up?
Why do that now?
You don't need a gun.
Don't quit your day job.
We won't get paid extra for doing this.
I actually didn't say that.
Tom knows what we're doing.
We don't think it's serious.
Tom didn't show me anything.
I'm actually doing quite well.
What does everybody else think?
Tom finally did something right.
Tom usually doesn't make mistakes.
The cab driver wasn't seriously injured.
We're going to eat now.
Were you expecting to win?
What's your favorite type of pizza?
Hug your parents before leaving your hometown.
We fixed that pretty quickly.
I think I'm going to go now.
Buying cheap can cost you a lot of money.
Today it really feels like summer has ended.
Gandhi was right.
How long did you live on the island?
It had rained in the forest.
I've decided to go a little further.
We've got lots of time.
My Lord I lose the game.
Nobody gave us a chance.
Tom got fat.
He likes to eat raw carrots.
I'm studying several languages.
I warned you not to come here.
I love to watch people's reactions when I say who I am.
You need to have quick reactions to play these computer games.
He has gotten fat.
Lawyers will urge the parents to take further legal action.
She's being considered for the job.
I'd like some time to consider before I make a decision.
Today is Friday. The weekend starts already tomorrow!
Do you believe that he is telling the truth?
A cloud is a mass of vapor in the sky.
Mary came home from school in tears because her friends had teased her.
That's an exception.
He feels powerless about his own life.
She devoted all her spare time to fishing.
The light is too dim for me to read easily.
I was compelled to follow her.
I couldn't help but follow her.
He felt compelled to report the incident.
People need to stop hating.
I've heard this joke before.
Someone has been here.
Don't try to force me!
Is Tom helping Mary?
You need to seek help.
Help us reach our goal.
We help each other out.
Sometimes I can't help myself.
We have to thoroughly investigate it.
I want to take a look at this room.
You want to watch a French film, is that right?
You can use a telescope to look at the stars.
I've got something you've got to see.
"I need to inspect the wound," said the doctor.
Due to the rainstorm, the river water surged over the river banks.
I consider him my friend.
Does he hope to succeed?
What hope is there of a cure?
I hope people are satisfied.
We hope Tom is OK.
I hope Tom loses.
Tom and I aren't friends. We're just coworkers.
It's difficult for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.
What kind of songs does Tom sing at karaoke?
Is there anyone that you like right now?
You're wearing short sleeves... aren't you cold?
Is your homework finished?
Tom didn't let me answer Mary's question.
Pick food that are less in oil, sugar, salt and foods with high fibre.
The best way to lose weight is to eat less and exercise more.
No one else was hurt.
I'm not moving to Boston.
I'm not married to Tom.
I'm a big football fan.
My bra is dirty.
I like surrealism.
My mother was an alcoholic.
Funny!
Quickly!
He is an author.
Tom isn't an angel.
Tom is not an angel.
We are waiting for Tom.
I also like you.
Tom just wants my money.
I'll definitely vote for Tom.
I've been on vacation.
Did Thomas get sick?
Thomas swam.
Don't know.
I know all my neighbors.
I can work with anyone.
I love the people here.
I owe everything to Tom.
I really like to read.
I think it was wrong.
I wanted to smack you.
Where are we going to meet?
I was feeling the same.
Tom is already here, but Mary hasn't gotten here yet.
If one day you realised that you are good for nothing, what will you do?
The best way to solve unemployment is to work.
The beach was packed with tourists.
There are lots of people who say that's a lie.
Yesterday evening I had a terrible nightmare.
Don't tell him that I'm here.
She has never seen the ocean.
A lot of people sure tell lies.
I come to this town for the second time.
I always forget people's names.
I don't think you need to give an explanation.
Everyone knows that I don't like Tom.
I think it's very difficult.
Now is a great time to buy one of those.
I'm looking for a place to sit.
Is Tom ready for that?
It happens automatically.
She really doesn't like dogs.
That was a month ago.
We have a great team.
What is your natural hair color?
We just wanted to win.
Tom was ready to work.
Tom wants to sit down.
Tom seems to know how.
When is your bedtime?
Are they all like this?
When are you leaving for Rome?
It may not be possible.
So what if that's true?
Tom lied to the others.
I like to play board games.
That one is really good.
All of these sentences need a full stop.
Tom isn't a good worker.
I feel like everybody's watching me.
It doesn't seem very fair to treat him like this.
Who else uses this room?
You can start right now.
Do you like spinach?
The rain beats against the window pane.
Tom is kind to everybody.
They're very close friends.
We can change if we want to.
Have you ever been robbed?
Switzerland isn't Sweden.
Everything was only a joke.
People shouldn't be allowed to invade countries whose names they can't pronounce correctly.
Why did you interfere in an affair that did not concern you at all?
Tom always meddles in affairs that do not concern him.
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
When a woman is talking to you, listen to what she says with her eyes.
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.
Wood may remain ten years in the water, but it will never become a crocodile.
I cannot bear this pain.
How many people work there?
I only ate a bite of bread.
How long did that take?
They bought the same camera as you.
He made a speech.
The little girl opened the window.
They decorated the room.
You like Bob more than Tom.
When Mike returned to Jane's house, she was sleeping.
It's not good for anybody.
Upon arrival, the firefighters discovered the house in flames.
Where is my father?
Tom is a clever kid.
Tom is really handsome.
What kind of a person is Tom?
Texting while driving is dangerous.
They sold a refrigerator.
The African ground squirrels collaborate and are not aggresive to other mammals.
He needs to be punished.
Tom learned to ride a bike when he was ten.
She paid no attention to him.
He paid no attention to her.
Tom and Mary own a small organic farm.
Tom took part in a local bike race.
You're not going in the right direction.
A bike path collapsed in Rio.
An elevated seaside bike path collapsed in Rio.
Two persons were killed when an elevated bike path collapsed in Rio.
Tom is a Vietnam veteran.
We're good friends, nothing more.
Tom had a heat stroke.
The number of officials doubled last year.
The accident happened right before our eyes.
In my opinion, the meeting was a success.
The animals already ate enough.
That piece of furniture is not fitting for the living room.
What am I hearing now?
Is there any difference whether I clean my room today, tomorrow, or the day after tomorrow?
Limit the consumption of white sugar and salt.
Tom admitted his fear.
Tom admitted that he is afraid.
Do you know for sure that Tom is behind that?
Why did you not tell me the truth?
Tom sat on a tree trunk.
I interviewed him.
Tom smiled at Mary, and she smiled back.
My hand was burned.
I worked for him for ten years.
I cannot lift him.
I do not know how to read nor write.
I do not know that dance.
I know that gentleman only by name.
It's a very serious illness.
With whom did you talk?
He spoke about you yesterday.
It's not hard to understand.
Not everyone is smiling.
Tom already knew the truth.
This isn't a trivial matter.
Valuable time has been lost.
We had a great relationship.
The clan system is a key component of traditional Chinese culture.
When there is no tigers in mountains, the monkey becomes the king.
Money makes men mad.
Don't begin without me.
Why did you begin without me?
Life is very hard.
That actually makes a lot of sense.
We're going downtown.
We're not scared of anybody.
I won't stay here for long.
What do you want to tell me?
Linda likes eating chocolate.
What trips are you planning?
What was that meeting about?
What were the meetings like?
What's so special about Tom?
What's the idea behind that?
What's the weather like now?
What's your opinion on that?
Where are those people from?
Where are those posters now?
Who can tell the difference?
Will this year be different?
You have to have confidence.
You have to start somewhere.
You sound like a politician.
You'll never know the truth.
You'll never see that again.
You're your own worst enemy.
The best wealth is knowledge, average wealth is children, and the smallest wealth is material objects.
(Do you) need my help at all?
Why is the summer holiday not here already!
Women are people.
Looks like its gonna be a long old day.
I never expected I would end up crying today.
I just want you to give me back that book you borrowed a few days ago.
Could you give a simple self-introduction?
Ah, I forgot to ask. Before you said you hadn't seen he umbrella. Have you found it since?
A face as ill as yours and it isn't important? If you change your mind, a trip to the hospital is the best option, alright?
Wolves scare me.
Tom's got a sore throat.
If you are tired just let me know.
As soon as you start misbehaving, Father Christmas will not come to see you.
Can you eat this?
Excuse me, sorry mate, you haven't got the time have you?
How do you make this soup?
Caution.
I'm going now!
So you can't even remember what you said?
Fuck this, I'm done, spent way too much money.
Where did all that self-confidence come from?
Does Tom have a job?
Tom owes Mary thirty dollars.
Tom is not easily satisfied.
The American mission is to eliminate communism from the world.
Tom let Mary go home.
Tom is working hard.
I liked Tom's first book more than the second.
Do you see that man? He's my husband.
Why didn't you turn up on Saturday?
My chinese is far from perfect, but I can roughly understand everything he is saying.
My underwear is dirty.
Today is the fifth.
I don't even know what you are called, mate.
Tom says he has a plan.
Tom promised to try again.
The plane came quickly.
I have almost finished my work.
I can't meet you.
It won't budge one bit.
If he says it is Monday, it is Monday.
Have you been online?
You were duped by him.
Throw this rotten banana.
The vase was shattered.
The camera has been borrowed by someone else.
Look closely
Sit over here
Look to your left, look to your right.
What place?
I didn't do anything during my vacation.
Over the holidays I didn't do anything.
The children are having fun in the grass.
His goal in buying land is to build a house.
He bought land for the purpose of building a house.
The problem is, I don't have anything to say to him.
Throw away
Throw out
Spring days have come again.
Sydney is miles away from here.
He got back from Sydney today.
Sydney is Australia's largest city.
We wear a uniform at school.
You should learn to control your emotions.
You should learn how to control that mood of yours.
You should learn how to control yourself.
Tom knew what Mary had done.
The residents expressed their dissatisfaction at the noise.
Are you used to living in the dorms?
You'll get used to the dorm life pretty quickly.
Most of the residents on this street are wrong'uns.
I left my pen in the dorm. I'm just nipping back to get it.
After the residents leave, the house is empty.
He promised not to tell lies again.
I'm in Spain.
I didn't dream in the night.
He was born in Greece.
She cried all bloody night.
Could you rearrange this list so it's in alphabetical order?
My bike was stolen when I went shopping.
I know, your busy too.
Which film do you like most?
What is in your hands?
The media has only discussed one thing in the last few months; the economic crisis.
Doesn't Tom have any friends?
Tom thanked Mary for coming.
Your father is a gorilla.
Where will we go afterwards?
Interest rates are still low.
Who exactly is responsible?
Something's really weird here.
Most of the residents on this street are wrong'uns.
All participants must be registered.
Tom was excited to go to the concert.
Is death the only possible exemption?
I don't like the food at that deli.
Tom is pissed.
Tom still hasn't tied the knot.
I plan to accept the offer from that company to become their marketing department's manager.
The objectives of the marketing department and the sales department are not necessarily the same.
Those two departments are sometimes at odds with each other.
I struggle for my family.
I am fighting for my future.
Every now and then they clash over their differences.
Instead of just the marketing department completing all their work objectives is not as effective as all the departments working together and mutually realising all the objectives.
Before you go out remember to check the gas is turned off.
His dream is to become a space aviation engineer.
A bar in Shanghai started selling my favorite beer, so I'll take the opportunity to taste some.
I have not seen my parents in a long time, my boss has sent me to England for a business trip, I'll use the opportunity to visit my parents.
Recently T Mall has had a sales promotion on cell phones.
The busses are especially crowded during rush hour.
Tom hasn't yet told us what he wants us to buy.
I think Tom is from Australia.
I happened to be free last Sunday.
The boy fell of fright when he saw a ghost.
"How long will you remain in Rome?" "Until Tuesday."
I think that he's from Italy.
Is your sister older than you?
My grandmother is already more than ninety years old.
Is the food at the restaurant halal?
Tom's coach likes him.
Tom has visited Boston.
I'm learning Spanish.
This table is missing a leg.
What is your favorite proverb?
How did you get this injury on your foot?
Where did that injury on your foot come from?
I am different from Tom.
Where are we assembling?
Where is the assembly point?
Who is your favourite singer?
which singer do you like?
Just a little bit is enough for me.
And where do you want to sit?
Come as you wish!
You'll be welcome anytime. Come whenever you want!
Tom told Mary he couldn't do what she asked him to do.
Tom always seems to be working.
I went to school in Boston.
We know very well where our developments will take us. Besides, in the team, everyone does as he pleases.
In Italy, they work five days a week.
This car is my father's, but soon it will be mine.
How many countries are in Africa?
Human stupidity knows no limits.
Strawberry juice is good for the memory.
How can Tom not understand that?
I didn't feel bad.
My brother and I are in the same class.
I think Tom is very cool.
Is Tom really a nice guy?
I'll keep doing it.
I wish I could buy you everything you wanted.
I wish more people felt the same way.
I wish Tom would just go away.
I wish I hadn't bought this.
I am an atheist.
Would you like to be my friend?
Go outside and play now.
It's not a cat. It's a dog.
Tomorrow I have to go shopping.
Let's end this nonsense.
Let's not fool ourselves.
Let's see if Tom knows what to do.
I'm fed up with this.
I'll wait a day or two.
I kind of lost my focus.
I really like what I do.
I'm not really prepared.
You'll get used to this in three or four weeks.
When I was young, I used to climb trees a lot.
I used to go out with friends every weekend.
People used to laugh at us.
Tom swims.
I've been cheated before.
Can you put some suntan lotion on my back?
I want to just focus on the positive.
I want to retire soon.
I want it to be different this time.
I want to be the one who decides.
Have you already rung the doorbell?
He's exactly my age.
Can you solve this puzzle?
Can you just please go?
Can you jump rope?
Can you read?
It was almost the perfect crime: we arrived at the scene, opened the trunk, killed the man and cleaned up the prints, but we forgot to hide the body.
I am trying to find a new job.
This is very good soil.
I'm daydreaming.
You're very alert.
I'm not really nervous.
It makes me feel good.
I think Tom would be pleased.
I've done this all my life.
I'll be gone for a while.
Is it safe to eat cockroaches?
How much are you paying Tom?
I wrote it all down.
Tom said he'd be willing to do this.
Is it next Monday that Tom returns?
I was sore for three weeks.
Tom thanked everyone for waiting.
I have a brother in Boston.
I got a good night's sleep.
I'm ready to go back home.
I knew I was going to win.
I don't believe it at all.
Tom was fired in October.
Do you speak Hungarian?
I wish you had told me this earlier.
We postponed the meeting.
He read the poem again.
I'll bring wine.
My friends all call me Tom.
Humans are part of nature.
You are skinny.
The number of motor vehicles in the city has increased.
Tom doesn't have any shoes on.
What is your home phone number?
I don't worry about the risk.
The mailman is cute.
Tom has never been in prison.
I've met so many new people.
I'm the owner of this house.
Tom turned on the electric fan.
It's warm, so I turned on the electric fan.
It is hot. Bring the electric fan.
The quality of salmon being sold here is high.
You have developed a bald spot.
I love to make people laugh.
I know people think I'm odd.
How do you write this character?
What is this language?
I guess it was our bad luck.
What was the reason for it?
Rio de Janeiro is perfectly safe as long as you stay out of the dangerous areas.
Did you give him a letter?
His mobile phone was stolen.
He said to me: "Children are like small animals."
Why do you even care about this?
What do you really want to say?
I was a little bit nervous.
Tom was replaced by Mary.
Tom is a normal teenager.
She said she would arrive in 5 more minutes, but she still hasn't come.
I'm glad someone told me.
Tom doesn't seem to agree.
He became a meme.
Did Tom not know what to do?
The patient's injuries aren't life-threatening.
Tom has been here since 2013.
I tried not to wake you up.
I'm really scared of spiders.
I've got a lot more to learn.
Tom did a very good job today.
You're drunk!
I've always wanted to do that.
What happened to your computer?
Tom wanted to go to Australia.
Tom was making French fries.
If he could lie about that, he is likely to lie about anything.
I don't like the way you talk to me.
I will make you regret it.
His luggage is overweight.
I turned into a small alleyway.
The waves crashed against the rocks.
This is not mine.
Daniel is making mango juice.
This year is 2011.
I need to know what you think.
I only want to know the facts.
I like your house.
My laptop crashed.
Have you tried rebooting it?
Reboot the computer.
The party host had a Portuguese accent.
It needs to be judged on whether it meets the ethical standards.
Turtles don't have teeth.
You must choose.
A Christian transgendered person I know said: "God has better things to do than to make up rules on who can use which bathroom."
I'm not Italian.
I'll get you something nice.
Busy right now.
I want to speak.
It has twenty children.
Lake Manicouagan, a ring-shaped lake in Quebec, Canada, is all that remains of a crater from a massive impact over 200 million years ago.
You are very competent.
When have you ever done anything for me?
I've been to the area surrounding Shanghai.
If you study new words, then use them more so that you will be able to more quickly memorize them.
I can understand most of what they say, but I don't understand the slang they use (in their speech).
My papers were in that box.
Einstein predicted that the Sun's gravity would bend light.
Mary was the only girl wearing a skirt.
She has brown shoes.
I found it by chance.
You are not me.
Thank you for your translation.
I'm not rich enough to buy cheap stuff.
I can't tell if you're joking.
He is threatening me.
Nope, I'm not buying it.
Tom was delighted by the idea.
She has sharpened the knives.
Something is happening in Boston.
I have no idea what to wear.
I have no idea what I'm going to wear.
I can't wait to see you all in Boston.
Where's the changing room?
There are often border conflicts between these two countries.
Your way of looking at criticism and self-criticism is not right.
Palm oil production is the leading cause of deforestation in Indonesia.
The victim died at a hospital in Boston.
No matter whether it is cold or hot, when she goes out, she always brings a scarf.
I wonder how many Canadians live in Boston.
Freedom is very, very important.
The same thing is happening here in Boston.
Here are some interesting links.
Tom doesn't have to go to Boston next week.
Here's something very important.
We'll be in Boston for another three weeks.
Please take next Sunday off.
Tom and Mary have a very good relationship.
I should do it.
Tom told the cops everything.
Have you bought a cantaloupe?
Don't say anymore!
Don't speak!
It's hot out here.
He's looking at us.
I can't sleep with all that noise.
Tom gave Mary a ride to Boston.
It's very special.
I believe that the debate should be carried on.
I've been in prison more than once.
I wonder why Tom is so excited.
This fruit is better than that one!
Boston is a great place to raise kids.
You'd better tell us what's going on.
Tomorrow I am going to the bookshop to buy books.
What are you doing in Lucia's house?
I have a son and a daughter. My son lives in New York, and my daughter lives in London.
Tom was the first to arrive and the last to leave.
I am against political reform.
I support political reform.
This car can go thirteen kilometers for every liter of gasoline.
I have heard her story before.
I've heard her story before.
I'm happy if you're happy.
I do not believe that she can speak Hebrew.
What is the date tomorrow?
Yesterday was what day of the week?
What day was yesterday?
I am at home at five o'clock.
You work at nine o'clock.
You start working at nine.
Everyone wanted a piece of the cake.
Everyone knew Tom was the one who did it.
Tom was sent back to Boston.
Did I miss the party?
I asked Tom why he wasn't here yesterday.
Do you know how to drive this thing?
I know a lot of French words, but it's difficult for me to combine them into sentences.
Then, we will go clothes shopping after five o'clock, alright?
No one is calling you a thief.
Maybe we should take a step back before we fall?
I live in Tashkent.
These two words are easily confused.
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not to win but to take part, just as the most important thing in life is not the triumph but the struggle. The essential thing is not to have conquered but to have fought well.
She bought new gloves.
It would be crazy to do that again.
Tomorrow there's a high probability it will rain.
I like to drink pumpkin soup.
What flavour does this yoghurt have?
I don't have a treadmill.
You always work hard.
I can start anytime.
They have no idea what's going on.
Tom often reads when his children aren't at home.
People like him because he is friendly.
Please arrive a bit later next time.
He is leaving the house at 8 o'clock.
She is a vegetarian.
That wasn't very good.
I recognized some of the tunes that Tom played.
It took us a long time to decide what we really wanted to do.
May I open my eyes now?
He is very popular, so whenever you find yourself in trouble, his friends will be happy to help.
Are you free right now?
Nothing in the world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty.
We shouldn't expect too much help from Tom.
Don't you have to work?
Everybody was confused.
Let me be nervous about this.
I'm afraid that there isn't any coffee left.
My grandmother lost her memory.
People's emotional lives are becoming more and more unstable.
That place is very cold.
Tom cut down the tree that was in front of his house.
We do not have time to finish our report.
You can delete that now.
Tom was bullied.
Tom wears a wig.
We do the best we can.
Tom has something else to say.
This job pays pretty well.
I saw Tom leaving his house.
Tom hasn't done anything.
Tom didn't take his shoes off.
Can I ask you some questions?
Tom did a lot of great things.
Are you sure Tom can do that?
The road is under construction.
Tom bought a ticket.
This is a good movie.
Maria is the blonde one.
Do not eat anything before you go to bed.
Have you and her had a sexual relationship?
Then, what if it's not?
She likes to read magazines.
Tom is doing what he loves.
I'm staying at the Hilton Hotel.
Her voice is very pretty.
A good idea suddenly came to me.
Tom's parents live in South America.
What is the title of your new book?
Bring your student ID card.
I've already told you the truth.
I've never seen that guy before.
We still don't know why.
I agree with Tom a hundred percent.
Calm down, and listen to me speak from the beginning.
Calm down and explain it from the beginning.
Tom took this photo.
We don't do it very often.
We have to think about it.
He has 20 children.
Children love Halloween.
Tom has to speak French every day at work.
Tom hates sports.
Are you also from Boston?
Tom was wearing an old pair of shoes.
How do Tom and Mary know each other?
Tom isn't a hero.
I see you're all awake.
I've never heard of Tom.
Mary doesn't wear as much makeup as Alice.
Whether by a Hitler salute or a hand on your heart, I consider the expression of patriotism to be the symptoms of a disease, whose cause and cure should be more closely studied.
Tom says he didn't know what to do.
How long were you in jail?
It's taking a little longer than I expected.
I like shopping with Tom.
May we swim here?
They named their son Tom.
Tom died recently.
Being a teacher is very hard work.
Don't you have any feelings for me at all?
We're not in Boston.
Tom has gone back home to Boston.
Tom comes home every day at 2:30.
We're still nervous.
Hand me that laptop.
English is a heavily Latinized Germanic language.
We've not done well.
Tom has been on the dole since the 6th of August, when he lost his job.
I don't speak his language.
I don't speak her language.
I'm sorry, I don't speak Portuguese.
I can speak neither English nor Spanish.
You know everything, right?
Tom likes chocolate cake a lot.
It'll be finished in a day or two.
This is a small town.
Who do you think made the mistake?
We do what we want to do.
I should obey.
That is a beautiful place.
You should speak with Tom.
Maybe that won't happen.
Do not yell into my ear.
I think we were well-prepared.
I speak with him every day.
I always knew I was born to do this work.
In comparison, taking the train is cheaper.
Tom can swim pretty well.
He is behind the railing.
This is a sturdy handrail.
A lot of people climb the railing, and even litter.
I promise that I will send you to prison.
Maybe I will have to spend my entire life in prison.
My boyfriend wants to dye his hair purple.
I woke up at eleven.
I woke up at eleven o'clock.
We have no idea what to do.
How do you say "rugby" in English?
Tom wrote the report all by himself.
We have to find out what Tom wants.
Tom wanted to be a better teacher.
We have to find out where Tom is.
I haven't finished this.
I cannot do this.
What did I hear?
Tom can't work this evening.
It is a beautiful painting.
We've got too much work to do.
He is here.
We just don't have enough time.
We know what's going to happen.
Tom will now be proud of me.
Drink a cup of water.
I don't understand why he goes to the barber's, as he is bald.
I signed the document.
When Christmas comes around, I usually receive a lot of presents.
I do not speak to him about this thing.
It will not rain tomorrow.
We do not know if he is coming or not.
Please wake me up at 7.
Tom knows many French songs.
If you listen to foreign language songs, feel tunes nice, but do not understand the lyrics, then you can not say you like this song, can only say that like the tune.
We know that this is impossible.
This makes me angry.
This makes me sad.
This makes me happy.
This makes me so angry.
I drink fruit juice.
Tom drinks juice.
Children like drinking fruit juice.
If you can come, I will be very happy.
Let us suppose she is here.
We need to buy a new TV.
I like bubbly and fruity wine.
Do you happen to know Professor Brown?
"I've lost my wallet," John sighed.
I will not abandon you.
Why is there no world peace?
He finished the steak, then ordered another portion.
How many trips did you make?
This water cannot be drunk.
You cannot drink this water.
I don't know why you don't like Tom.
I don't know your reasons for not liking Tom.
I plan to go to America next year.
She married a wealthy old man.
He not only graduated from studying sociology, but also philosophy.
What type of food do you like?
I like shopping on Fifth Avenue in New York.
Tom studies French as well.
I was serious when I said I love you.
He often sees the bottom of the glass.
Your argument is stupid.
He bites his tongue while talking.
I got to know her in France.
When I said 'Hello' to Tom, he hid behind his mother.
I feel like I have been here before.
The registration period is already over.
Is there a car that seats twenty-five?
Let them have their fun.
There will be times where everyone makes mistakes.
Do you have a bird?
It is inefficient of you.
How come you have not started yet after a day.
I am Siberian.
My brother became a priest.
She definitely took the wrong bus.
I come from Shikoku.
"Can you move over a bit?" "Yeah, sorry, I didn't realize I took up that much space."
Why does Tom call me Mary?
Tom will follow my advice.
We can't force people to do that.
Tom plays the violin well.
Tom plays chess very well.
Tom may have left already.
You must not talk to Tom.
I know I will win.
We should stop seeing each other.
Both Tom and Mary can't speak French.
Daylight savings is over today.
All my friends will be there.
This old house is haunted.
This theory is very controversial.
I played along.
For me, that is not a problem.
You know everything, right?
Tom was an architect.
We have lots of catching up to do.
Tom tried to stab me.
We have our own problems to solve.
Tom sure talks a lot.
We have so many things left to do.
Tom slept until noon.
We have to come to some agreement.
Tom said he loved me.
We have to continue to do our jobs.
She studies Chinese too.
She learns Chinese too.
I am still reading.
Tom is a robot.
You start working at nine.
What day was yesterday?
I'll swim.
The moon was full last night.
I do forgive Tom.
I drive to the office.
He came back.
He is back.
She has returned.
She is sleeping.
I am sleeping.
You are going to bed.
We are going to sleep.
You are going to sleep.
She is going to sleep.
You are going to sleep.
You are going to bed.
She is scared.
You are scared.
They are afraid.
She is working.
She is at work.
You are at work.
We are at work.
You go to work.
You are going to work.
He hasn't returned.
She didn't come.
You are not coming.
You all didn't come.
You haven't eaten.
He hasn't eaten.
He hasn't eaten.
He doesn't eat.
She hasn't eaten.
It isn't eating.
They don't eat.
We have not eaten.
He is reading books.
You all are reading.
You are reading.
They are reading books.
He will die.
She will die.
She can die.
I will not die.
She will not die.
You will not die.
You cannot die.
They will not die.
They will not die.
We died.
You have all died.
They died.
Are you awake yet?
Have you woken up?
I'm not German.
I'm not Chinese.
I had a shower.
I showered.
I showered.
You had a bath.
I've finished eating.
I have finished shower.
I'm going to eat.
What are you trying to imply?
Do you know my age?
Tom is exaggerating.
I woke up at 2:30.
I no longer love Tom.
Tom bought new gloves.
Do you still buy lottery tickets?
Let me know if you need any help.
We're going to do that right away.
Tom is friendly to me.
I'll call you on Monday.
Tom has a big appetite.
Tom isn't happy at all.
A lot of people swim here in the summer.
I asked Tom to wait here.
I have an umbrella in my car.
Tom arrived after I left.
Everybody looks up to Tom.
I'll take you to the bus stop.
I know Tom is watching me.
I thought Tom would win.
Mars is a planet.
We have issues we have to deal with.
I am Taiwanese.
You're never satisfied with anything I do.
I wish I hadn't said that at the party.
I didn't know you were going to be here.
What are you going to do when the one you love does not love you.
I love her so much, but she does not love me.
Tom is not a friendly guy.
Tom is out of your league.
I swear I'll never do such a thing.
I don't think this rain will let up anytime soon.
I've lost patience with Tom.
Tom has a brilliant future.
Tom has nothing to do here.
Tom is in the bathroom now.
Tom is unbelievably stupid.
Restart your computer.
You can shut up now.
I wasn't aware that Tom was sick.
Tom has more books than Mary.
People still think Tom is a liar.
Three months later, Tom was dead.
I hope Tom's predictions are wrong.
I've got a lot of questions.
How do you know that belongs to Tom?
Tom asked Mary to stop the car.
The fire originated from carelessness.
I had a neighbor who was blind.
I'm an actress, not a model.
I love you, Raphael!
Have you ever been to outer space?
Schoolwork, cultural work and academic work should all be promoted together.
Thank you for lunch!
Tom is your big brother.
Tom is your little brother.
Tom is your younger brother.
I think we're ready to do that.
I'm too drunk to do that.
I am already very tired, but I still have a lot of work I need to do.
I'm not going to show any fear.
Maria doesn't like speaking in public.
The internet is not connecting.
You know that's your duty.
Tom got another letter from Mary today.
They all began to laugh.
I don't have my glasses with me.
Tom has been spending time with Mary.
His voice is loud.
Today is a good day for taking a walk on the beach.
His image is completely ruined.
My wish is to become a teacher.
The dragon is one of the cultural emblems of China.
Vermilion is one the signifiers of Chinese culture.
That's kind of far from Europe, don't you think?
They are talking.
I'm sure you'll never regret it.
Tom knew what Mary intended to do.
Chinese is a tonal language.
In this tomb from the Han dynasty, a book was found.
Your explanation is very good.
She is the victim of this incident.
Tom is about to fall asleep.
I feel we're going to get better.
This machine is used to dry clothes.
This is an appliance for drying clothes.
Our love is mutual.
We won 6-2 in today's competition.
Our team has a Moroccan player.
I haven't done very much this year.
This castle also has a ghost.
I'm accustomed to the climate.
The stomach pains are unbearable.
Tom broke into Mary's hotel room.
I'd really like to go to Boston with you.
Beware of anyone who claims objectivity.
This TV was made in China.
This is a very complex problem.
Do you go to church on Christmas Day?
We didn't have rolls.
Tom said he wouldn't be able to do what we asked him to do.
Our house has three bedrooms.
I lent Tom my camera.
His father is in the garden.
In Spain, they wear red boxers or knickers on Christmas.
Comparing with cars, I prefer taking the train.
I am afraid of airplanes.
I am afraid of flying.
Today we bought some good stuff.
Where is your package?
People love to speak.
People love talking.
I don't want to eat again.
You can't go outside.
I like singing with Tom.
We still have many other things to discuss.
Tom learned how to do that from his grandfather.
You don't deserve it.
I really don't know Tom.
We have to sing at an old folks home today.
Tom isn't the only one here who's a good singer.
You're bound to fail.
I'm sure Tom can't swim.
The school is on top of the hill.
I have to buy Christmas gifts.
I know Mary thinks I'm stupid.
Beauty can do strange things.
Good to know.
This is not fish.
In our opinion, solar panels are a good investment.
Do you know how to recover a deleted file?
That is 30 metres long.
We've got to start thinking about recycling.
We have to try to communicate with them.
We really appreciate their effort.
People like you shouldn't be here.
You people can't help yourselves.
We've had a most delightful day.
We've got to have determination.
Tom says he doesn't know how to swim.
This year, I learnt my first 500 words in Mandarin.
Every person should be able to speak their mother tongue.
His train is departing from platform 10.
Millions were affected that day.
I don't want to have this fight.
I can only see it getting worse.
We're going to set up shelters.
We should all sleep easier now.
Tom pulled Mary out of the water.
Tom continued his investigation.
Fear quickly turned into anger.
I guess that's how Tom found me.
Constructed languages are also languages.
Bring the jack over. I'll jack up the car.
Tom hasn't lost his confidence.
I often go to Chongqing to eat sausages.
Tom took a step back and fell.
Tom isn't an elected official.
Nothing is really guaranteed.
Tom's kids were in the attic.
We have to get through this.
Let's assume that'll happen.
I really didn't even notice.
I don't even want to try it.
You're not too bad-looking.
Tom built his own motorcycle.
Others are less optimistic.
Tom stood up from his chair.
How did your journey begin?
What's wrong with my legs?
My parents and I live together.
Tom hasn't forgiven anybody.
We could do something big.
We consider it a blessing.
The polar bears are dying.
This article is nonsense.
Tom's hair was disheveled.
Is that what it's called?
I'm not finding anything.
Tom bought a plane ticket.
Now I need you to leave.
It's not a dream at all.
It was discovered by Tom.
The law is quite clear.
It took me three years.
It must suck to be you.
Tom regrets his mistake.
I smell something here.
I don't know right now.
What's your favourite colour?
I'm absolutely elated.
We can't sit idly by.
Why aren't you listening?
I've been in prison.
I know who likes Tom.
This is a bad thing.
Does anyone know Tom?
I don't smoke weed.
People call me Tom.
I'd wear a helmet.
They'll kill you.
Tom wasted time.
It was very far.
It took months.
First impressions matter.
Being rejected is painful.
The war has not ended.
Add a tiny pinch of salt.
Tomorrow I want to get up early.
Tomorrow I must get up early.
We hope a solution is found.
Tom wants to learn to sing in French.
Do you think I can help?
I'm tired of listening to Tom.
We haven't thought about it.
Tom seems to be much happier than me.
Everybody wanted to eat.
Isn't this what Tom asked for?
We had to go there together.
2016 was the hottest year on record.
We'll have to do that, too.
We accept your challenge.
Tom told Mary to ask John to help.
We haven't lost much.
Is it safe to drink this water?
My brother won't be at home tomorrow.
I hope no one saw me dancing.
The hostages will be released tomorrow.
Here's my drivers license.
Tom put the vase on the table.
How dare you say that to me!
Tom has absolutely no enemies.
I don't think you need to change.
The bus is running about ten minutes late.
I find politics very interesting.
I don't want to sleep yet, so I'm still studying.
An apple a day is good for our health.
You're really useless.
Don't be so selfish.
I don't like watching TV.
I just try not to think about it.
Tom sleeps with his socks on.
This is the shortcut that I usually take to school.
How did Tom get Mary to go to the dance with him?
I didn't know Tom didn't have a driver's license.
I just want someone to talk with.
May I finish it?
The toilet paper is used up.
The sound is really loud.
I only don't want to marry you.
Happy year of the rooster!
The hardest part of learning Chinese is the Chinese characters.
She has blonde hair and a slim figure.
Do you know what I'm doing?
Tom and Mary are studying together in the library.
For the whole day yesterday I was learning English words off by heart.
Mary is pregnant with twins.
Tom is travelling around the world.
I won't do this again.
Why do you let Tom treat you that way?
We need to find Tom as quickly as we can.
Tom is awfully sick.
I'm such an unlucky guy.
Tom is a very generous man.
Tom has something very important to tell Mary.
There was nothing the doctors could do.
You're thinking of unimportant things.
I was in the bathroom.
I have a map.
It's been a very long time since I saw him last.
How long did you think the picnic was going to last?
How much will it all cost?
Tom is now a software engineer.
Tom wanted something else.
She's completely sure that she's not pregnant.
Tom isn't very strict about it.
I feel no sympathy for Tom.
We haven't yet been told what we need to do.
This is where Tom wants to live.
Tom said he needed money.
I didn't pass.
I like Tom, too.
I approved it.
Tom told Mary to help John.
How did Tom talk Mary into babysitting his children?
How did you feel about that?
Tom told me that I shouldn't go out alone at night.
How could it be Tom's fault?
Tom is acting as if nothing has happened.
Tom is fluent in three languages.
Mary is fluent in five languages.
My siblings slept in the garden.
The children are having fun in the park.
No, thank you, I am pregnant!
I don't think Tom will go to Boston next weekend.
I don't plan to stay for very long.
This is what Tom would want me to do.
I was still an amateur at that time.
Tom doesn't have a lot of money.
Tom will be a teacher someday.
There's nobody in the building now.
How long did it take to do that?
How did you know that was my favorite one?
That tree is on Tom's property.
Tom has forgotten how to do that.
Tom lives three miles east of here.
If you sing, we'll sing with you.
My grandfather was a policeman.
I'll lend you my textbook.
I've done enough already.
I seem to be unlucky today.
Who would want to live here?
I began running.
I can't answer you now.
Does Tom speak French better than Mary?
I've rented a room not far from here.
I'm not sure what's going on.
I have a lot of cats.
I always dreamed of being a billionaire.
It's difficult to do that.
What do you plan to sell?
I understood everything Tom said.
Tom was just as excited as Mary.
I have problems, just like everybody else.
I'm really not happy about it.
Tom didn't give an explanation.
I can't get my tractor started.
What'll the results be?
I tried to smile.
I have a new car.
You can't depend on Tom.
Are you still cold?
Tom is working the night shift.
She has this pretty lace nightgown with straps.
After eating the meal, everyone is tired.
You watch TV every evening.
I have had a cough for two days, and it still isn't any better.
This is a man-made language.
He is using a fishing net to fish.
His uncle likes hunting.
Your pair of slippers are very cute.
You're coughing, better bring a scarf.
Life is always a mistake.
The bags from this brand are too expensive.
She doesn't like oral sex.
They are letting us make the speech in English.
Hello Tom! What time are you coming?
Hello Tom! When did you come?
I want to believe in Tom.
We are going to move house, but I still don't know where we are moving to.
I like potatoes.
Tom isn't feeling very well.
I collect stamps.
I should be ready by 2:30.
I'm not too smart.
I was very relaxed.
I'm still puzzled.
I worked as a piano tuner for many years.
I tried to stop that from happening.
I sometimes break the rules.
You're a good leader.
I still live at my dad's place.
The fish in this restaurant is delicious.
Tom practiced in front of the mirror.
You are not allowed in this room.
I told you to get out.
Finding Fadil isn't hard.
What have you guys done to me?
You've done a lot.
I am entirely incapable of accepting this minister's arguments.
I have a lot of Japanese friends.
Maybe he's busy.
Do you drink a lot of milk?
Give me your food.
Look at what's happening outside.
The court declared the defendant innocent.
What is the harm in trying?
She passed the exam with ease.
Her mother is a pretty woman.
The hat was blown away by the wind.
She has 5 children.
I don't know what will happen next year.
Tom wished he hadn't borrowed the book from Mary.
I was in the garden all afternoon.
It looks like Tom has bought a new bicycle.
I used to be a forest ranger.
Doing that won't take long.
You've arrived very early.
I've done a lot this week.
Tom is a lot younger than Mary is.
I think I've done enough.
I think that's not true.
I don't sing very well.
She is absent.
He is still sleeping.
Sami was looking forward to being a father.
Sami was looking forward to being a father.
Sami has been married twelve times.
Sami has been married twelve times.
Sami has been married twelve times.
Sami has been married twelve times.
Do not enter the pool.
Entry of pool is prohibited.
Caution: wet floor
Please mind your belongings.
Please do not forget your belongings.
Lightning-prone area: please do not climb
Yield to the birds.
Give way to the birds.
No taking photos.
Photography is prohibited.
This afternoon I went to a pharmacy.
Yesterday's weather wasn't so good.
Yesterday's weather wasn't very good.
It rained and even snowed yesterday.
It rained in Sevilla.
I bought a new schoolbag today.
Today I bought a new schoolbag.
He said to me, "danger!"
The convenience store ran out of business.
The supermarket is out of business.
The supermarket ran out of business.
The lack of gender in English is not due to the English having a more egalitarian culture.
I left your flash drive at home.
Going to Madrid on Thursday.
Can I get a refund for this train ticket?
We're almost broke.
Better to live dishonored than die proud.
If it gives milk, then its your mother.
Stop barking!
Tom probably wouldn't do something that stupid.
How long have you worked with Tom?
I'll never allow you to do that.
Tom didn't wear jeans yesterday.
Are both Tom and Mary Canadians?
Tom didn't sound too worried.
I'm very interested in jazz.
I ate Tom's sandwich.
You don't seem to like Tom.
I'm not as brave as Tom.
Do you want to go to Valencia or Barcelona?
Have I offended him?
Sometimes politics is really hard to avoid.
We do not belong to a political organisation.
This is a low-budget movie.
This film is very interesting.
This film is very good to watch.
This film is very nice to look at.
Do girls masturbate too?
This is a small border town.
On the border, there is a stretch of agricultural land.
We were attacked from both sides.
I love watching talk shows.
I'm quite satisfied with my life.
It was calculated that hundreds of workers would have to work a hundred hours to make a mistake as enormous as that which a computer can make in a millionth of a second.
The sooner he shuts up, the better.
"Tom can't stand me." "Nonsense! You're just imagining things!"
Tom says he can communicate with the dead.
Thank you for agreeing to meet with us.
What if someone saw us?
This morning was foggy.
I participated in a photography competition.
Give me a ring when you go running.
I am finding it very difficult to believe.
She and I have been married for ten years.
I have been married to her for ten years.
I can help you, too.
I noticed a pattern.
If there is something you don't understand, then ask.
Many conservative women still can't be without fishnet stockings.
Could you drive to the station?
My father goes for a walk every morning.
I still need to win more.
I want to relax more.
I still want to get a lot.
Tom, your phone!
They both want a child.
Tomorrow the Chinese national team play against the Korean national team in their home arena.
There is an important ruin hidden under this gym.
I found a taxi, but there was no driver inside.
I think this rule has problems
I need to find somewhere to practice dancing.
I'm very tired right now.
Are you ready for the bad news?
Tom fell into a vat of sulfuric acid.
I'm always here.
This is a type of reprocessed tea.
The good thing about winter is that there are no mosquitos.
Your reason is very good.
We have full reason to believe that it is true.
Give this hat to your mother!
I have to catch the early train tomorrow.
This book talks about Chinese history.
There were no chairs in ancient China.
I don't know what time he can come.
I don't know when he can come.
A strange woman was standing in the doorway.
What's the difference between an eagle-owl and a barn owl?
Thanks for arriving.
That elder died of hunger.
You should lose weight, because you are too fat.
Tell me why you married her.
If you are me, how can you do it?
Humans live in every corner of the world.
He paid the prostitute the fee without being aware of the surveillance camera.
She likes to drink red wine, but doesn't like to drink white wine.
She wants to drink red wine every day.
This hotel doesn't have a swimming pool.
Tom has a large jar of pennies.
Do you think this thing is cute?
This was the turning point of his life.
This is a turning point in history.
Someone who doesn't understand you is not necessarily an idiot.
Don't speak to anyone.
Emily wants to go and see her father.
You! Come over!
A flower in the garden is wilting.
We are on strike.
I want to eat squid this evening.
I am waiting for you to finish your homework.
I really love his sister.
She makes people feel like queens.
I like her black clothes.
The guards are sacred and inviolable.
You bought too much bread.
Father bought a book for me.
We can find similar situations in these next few cases.
We can now say definitely that this hypothesis holds water.
The mainland of China covers 96,000,000 square kilometers, and it is the largest country in Asia, as well as the third largest in the world.
The Chinese mainland's coasts are surrounded by the Bohai sea, the Yellow Sea, the East China sea and the South China sea.
You shouldn't talk to Tom that way.
Did you go to school?
My mother never punishes me.
You can speak so many languages!
Now is tourist season.
I usually have my bath at night.
Shall we take a bath together?
Please take off your coat.
If I had the money, I would buy a new house.
If I had the money, I'd buy a new house.
I'd buy a new house if I had the money.
He has no filter for what he says.
She was blindfolded.
She is with her parents.
I was not yet married at that time.
I wasn't yet married at that time.
He has his faults, but I still like him.
I would like to wait another half an hour.
She is learning pole dancing.
The butterfly flew away.
You are still eating.
Tomorrow a new year will begin.
'Teng' and 'Cheng' rhyme.
'Teng' and 'cheng' are rhyming words.
Children, wake up!
Where did you go that night?
My beautiful ballpoint pen is purple.
Our new home has an elevator.
She still went to work even after getting pregnant.
Tom might've missed the last train.
He was born in a palace that isn't there any more.
Every time I see you, I cannot help but be reminded of your mother.
Although these batteries are new, they don't work.
It's likely to rain all weekend.
I need a bigger box.
Tom ate a slice of pizza.
This is a multi-language word comparison table.
Carefully cut it while holding it in your hands.
An elderly person in the street fell and broke a leg.
Recently, this area's international relations have become very tense.
Love is never wrong.
She gave birth to a daughter.
Dung beetles are insects.
Scarabs are insects.
Today is Earth day.
The Earth is our home.
I think you understand me.
Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food.
Tom isn't a very nice guy.
I have a brain tumor.
I'm happy whenever I see him.
He excels over the other people in his class.
I am helping him with classes this week.
It is feasible.
I am learning to dance, once a week.
There is a butterfly in the kitchen.
That butterfly has died.
He is not David. His name is Daniel.
Lucy and I are not colleagues, we are classmates.
Are you friends?
My name is Jose. We are friends.
She is Anna; Anna and Louis are coworkers.
Is this your apple?
This clothing is my coworker's, not mine.
His co-worker is English.
My friend can speak Chinese and Japanese.
Where is your phone?
These five books belong to my classmate.
My mother is called Lucy, she is British.
My father is not Spanish, he is Portuguese.
Is your father Spanish?
Is your father a Spaniard?
This is where I want to live for the rest of my life.
Did anybody ask you to come here?
Could you say that one more time?
I promise I'll do that tomorrow.
How many books are on the shelf?
I don't think Tom understands that.
Tom didn't deny that he did that.
Are you sure Tom will come back?
Do you know what Tom will say?
Can you do that by yourself?
Lift your right arm.
Raise your leg.
Kill him.
Kill her.
Kill them.
Show me your ankles.
This is a highly developed civilisation.
This is my mum and my dad.
He is my dad.
This is my dad.
I think he isn't Chinese.
I think he is not Chinese.
Please wait one meter away.
Please stand one meter away.
I miss you!
I want to study Chinese and go to China.
I don't have any Japanese friends.
Does he have a son?
I didn't work.
This person is not my friend.
All of her daughters are beautiful.
What do you want to do for work?
I want to be an English teacher.
I miss you!
I want to go to see a doctor.
Don't you have a phone number?
My friend's father is a doctor.
His friends don't work. They are students, and they are studying Spanish.
Do you have any friends that are doctors?
Do you have any friends who are doctors?
This is not a school, this is a hospital.
My son is not at home, he is at school.
My big brother is not at home, he is at school.
Do you work at the hospital?
The apple is on top of the book.
My school is to the left of my house.
My school is on the left.
There are four Chinese books in front of the telephone.
There is a computer on the table.
There is a cat under the table.
How many chairs do you have around your table?
Is your family's computer on the table?
Where is your father's bookshop?
This book was in his car yesterday.
Where will you be tomorrow afternoon?
Next month, I am going to England.
Last Thursday, I was at his home in Madrid.
Today is Tuesday. Which day is it tomorrow?
Which day of the week do you study Korean?
I will get up at 10am tomorrow.
At 6pm yesterday, he was at work.
What are you doing on 5p.m. on Monday?
What time do you wake up on Sundays?
Your classmate's clothes are very pretty.
This shop's apples are not big.
She is going to buy something tomorrow, so she is happy.
Which painting is beautiful?
His son is learning to drive.
In March next year, I will take a plane to the USA.
In March next year, I will fly to the US.
Tomorrow will be a sunny day, and very hot.
I will not go out tomorrow if it rains.
What is the weather like next Sunday?
I know how to write fifty-four Chinese characters.
In "明", what is the character on the left? And the one on the right?
How many Chinese characters can you write?
I've eaten one apple.
I drank a cup of water.
He doesn't like meat.
I don't like eating meat.
Do you like to eat fruit?
Would you like some tea and coffee?
He is going to that Chinese restaurant to eat a meal.
I am sorry, he is not at home, he left for Madrid yesterday.
Can we drive to Madrid?
We are three people.
Please sit in here.
What would you all like to eat?
Delicious.
I would like to have this soup.
Do you want some rice?
Do you want rice?
Today's lunch is soup.
He seldom eats fruits.
I love drinking tea.
Do you want to drink some water?
Are you Jose?
Yes, I am He Sai. And you?
Our plane arrived at 11 a.m.
Our plane arrived at 11 this morning.
Jose, Anna, hello.
Hello, Teacher Li.
Have you all eaten?
I had a little on the plane, not much.
Then, let's go and eat, yeah?
Then, shall we go and eat?
Don't you have anything to eat?
Hey, what do you like to eat?
I like eating fruit.
I bought a white, pleated skirt.
You are listening to him.
My mother is French.
How many Chinese characters can you write now?
At what time is she going?
She is going on the 25th.
She is wearing hiking boots.
She bought a pair of walking boots.
Her pair of mountain boots are black.
I need my boots.
I never want to leave Boston.
What's the Wi-Fi password?
I think you should do that before you go home today.
Tom works in a windowless office.
Do you not understand basic logic?
I'm translating a book.
I love reading novels.
Tom said he wanted to try riding a unicycle.
I stayed up all night again.
I had another all-nighter.
I had fever for two days.
Layla is five now.
One morning I shot an elephant in my pyjamas.
Don't you want to use mine?
I don't like wearing socks.
I didn't want to listen to Tom singing.
I wouldn't buy anything in this store.
Do you think Tom will let us do that?
I'll finish reading this book.
The weather is too cold to swim in the sea.
The heels of his socks had been worn out.
He likes wearing socks.
I like wearing long skirts.
She bought a dozen nylon socks.
The relationship between the mind and the heart is much like the relationship between a castle's library and its master.
Most of all, I hate wearing socks.
She is wearing stockings right now.
She is wearing a pair of white, silk socks.
She bought two pairs of polka dot stockings.
She put two pairs of sheer tights in the suitcase.
Will Tom really do that?
My mother bought some apples at the fruit shop.
Layla was battling cancer.
She is wearing gorgeous silk clothes.
Brr! So cold!
Layla cast a spell over everybody she met.
Look! An airplane!
If you begin to look at it more closely, actually, it is not.
Is he a good teacher?
Can I have a free ride, please? My wallet was stolen.
There are many Americans in Mexico.
I have no problem with my boss.
That child is eating a roll.
In addition, she has an artistic flair.
Due to the lack of water, many of the plants have withered.
Why would you appear in my unit?
I thought pizza was what you wanted to eat.
That was 2 points.
Tom's bicycle was stolen yesterday.
I think we shouldn't let Tom do that again.
I think it's a really good thing.
I think we shouldn't allow Tom to do that.
For the sake of living things, please do not play around with the water.
Preserve life; please don't waste water.
No leaping over.
One step forward is a step forward for civilization.
One step forward is a step towards civility.
Watch out for the drop.
It is everyone's duty to cherish cultural relics.
Cherish our cultural relics; it is all our duty.
Are you the one who did that?
Tom thought Mary would like doing that.
Drink water.
Eat fruit.
David ate a lot of things.
I have bought clothes.
He is not going to Shanghai.
Did he go home?
This afternoon it is going to rain.
It will rain this morning.
It will not snow tomorrow afternoon.
There was fog yesterday noon.
Is it hot today?
How's the weather today?
The weather today's great, with no rain, clear skies, and a perfect temperature.
How will the weather be tomorrow?
What will tomorrow's weather be like?
Tomorrow's weather won't be so good, with cloudy skies, heavy snow, and very cold temperatures.
How's the apple?
This apple is too small.
Sell wine?
Were you guys serious?
Slowly his eyes adjusted to the darkness.
Those who know don't speak much; those who speak don't know much.
One generation builds the street that the next will travel on.
He cannot speak English, neither can he speak French.
I can speak Standard Chinese (Putonghua), Southwestern Mandarin, Wu Chinese, and Spanish.
This question is not that simple.
Aren't you free tonight?
I wasn't able to help you.
I couldn't help you.
Tom is not a good driver.
This bottle of yogurt does not contain lactose.
This bottle of yogurt is lactose-free.
The kitchen is on the ground floor.
The original edition is great, but the Portuguese translation contains errors.
She let me sit by her.
Aren't you the one who saved me?
Aren't you going to go with me?
Please go to the supermarket to buy some fruit.
She likes to drink strawberry-flavored yogurt.
She does not like to eat coconut-flavored things.
Her remarks caused dissatisfaction in the public.
Your tripod is in my office.
I've been looking for my tripod.
Why is it after all this time, I still cannot learn English well?
She bought a new "moxiong".
Aren't you happy about this?
You should understand him.
I'd be grateful to you if you could teach me to do that.
See you again next Monday.
They have achieved excellent results in different fields.
He intends to return to the country earlier.
I would like to learn the Na'vi language.
Is the Na'vi language good to learn?
Can you speak the Na'vi language?
"Putonghua" and "Beijinghua" are not the same.
I treat you to a cup of coffee.
This isn't a difficult job.
He also didn't pass the re-exam.
Do you like to go to the movie theater?
How many times a week do you go to the movie theater to watch movies?
The movie theater has discounts every Monday and Wednesday.
What types of films do you like?
Who do you usually go to the movies with?
Who is your favourite actor?
Have you ever gone to a Spanish bar?
What beverages do you like to drink?
Do you like to drink wine?
What kind of alcohol do you like to drink?
What do you usually do in your spare time?
What do you usually do with your friends?
What vegetables do you like to eat?
What dishes do you like to eat?
How many toilets does your building have?
What is in the living room?
What's in the living room?
Do you have any free time this weekend?
He is very loving.
He is a kind teacher.
They wouldn't stop torturing me.
Tom and Mary couldn't help me do that.
Tom wasn't in bed.
I think Tom might not want to do that.
Everyone comes to Tom for advice.
Tom will likely never do that again.
Tom told me that I should do that.
Tom is unlikely to do that again.
When did Tom ask you to do that?
What will you eat tonight?
I will eat sweet and sour spareribs tonight.
I'd like to eat meat zongzi.
The future is very uncertain.
What will I be doing this time next year?
Am I a good teacher?
I will leave when he arrives.
When have you tried it?
This is already a habit.
Tom looks older than seventy.
Slovakia is a beautiful country.
What day of the week was it this time last year?
In July of 2015, the highest temperature in the capital city of Iraq, Baghdad, was 51.1 degrees Celsius.
Norway, located in Northern Europe, is a highly developed country.
Every year, the summers get hotter and the winters get colder.
Year by year, summer becomes warmer and winter becomes cooler.
In Taiwan, the differences between the four seasons have become less and less obvious. A short spring and autumn have gradually become part of the features of the four seasons.
To date nobody knows the actual size of the cosmos.
Pull up your stockings.
Wear silk socks!
My name is Anna.
I am called Lin Feng.
My name is Xiao Yu.
Are you Anna?
Yes, I am Anna.
My name is Anna. What is your name?
I am called Juan.
She is not Anna.
Is she Anna?
She isn't Anna?
Yes, I am Xiaoyu. Who are you?
Hello, are you Jose?
Goodbye, Anna!
I am called John. What about you?
Tomorrow, I want to go to Madrid. It is the capital city of Spain.
This place is surrounded by hills.
At nightfall I like following the tradition of taking a walk along the lakeside.
This depleted his financial resources.
You should go and brush your teeth.
Tomorrow, I will book a dentist appointment.
Recently, I want to go to brush my teeth.
Shang Bo Liang solved the Ancient Egyptian language.
Europe's four clear seasons, is most suitable environment for the human race to live in.
Three days later, many Chinese people celebrate national day in Beijing.
The effects on the atmosphere and ocean, as well as environment, are all very important.
Japan's culture has deeply affected East Asia.
War is like a raging fire.
People rely too much on phones these days.
Does Iceland have to join the EU?
Does Iceland need to join the European Union?
Iceland has not joined the European Union.
The temperature at the North Pole is different from at the South Pole.
Should we change the server?
Hey, what in the world am I going to major in college ?
Go to the history department or education department.
You are screwed.
You better think of another way.
The Romanian language is [part of] Romance Language Family
My mother is currently watching French Television program.
The river outside of the castle is called a moat.
Going to Italy to study/attend school feels pretty good.
China has 80 or 90 languages.
There are great differences in pronunciation between different Chinese dialects.
I want to go and get a haircut.
I want to go to the barber.
Hong Kong was returned to China in 1997.
Their child got their bottom smacked, because they wouldn't listen.
He patted her bum.
There are two butt-naked children playing on the beach.
I need a week to adjust to the time difference.
The shop's roller door is already shut.
He married him.
She got married to her.
Your opinions are out of touch with reality.
May I ask, can I open a bank account?
How many US dollars are in an Egyptian pound?
Let's help each other!
Don't be nervous. Because of this he won't think you're carrying any contraband, and won't open your trunk to check, and hold you up.
Don't fear! This way he certainly won't think that you've brought any contraband, and won't cause a holdup by checking over your luggage.
You are colleagues.
You don't know him.
You are Anna.
Who is his friend?
He saw a physician.
It's all fake news.
Let's help each other!
We are friends.
What are we?
Anna and Hesai are classmates.
Hesai and who, are classmates?
Who and who are classmates?
Huan, she is Xiaoyu, Xiaoyu and I are classmates.
Xiao Yu, this is Juan, and I am Juan's friend.
Hello! I'm called Xiaoyu.
Hello! I'm Huan.
Hello! Linfeng.
Hello! Minghui.
Linfeng, do you know him?
I don't know him, who is he?
He is called Huan, we are colleagues.
Huan, he is called Linfeng, Linfeng and I are friends.
Hello, I'm called Linfeng.
Hello, I'm Huan.
This is your car.
Anna, is this your car?
No, this is not my car.
Tom, this is your car?
This isn't my car, that's my car.
This is Minghui's car.
Who is Minghui?
Minghui is my colleague.
Is this your friend's car?
This car is your friend's?
This is your friend's car?
Tatoeba is back, but not everything will be working perfectly.
A computer is a type of modern tool.
I'm Spanish.
Lucario is a creature in the Pokémon series.
Are there many people?
Everybody knows that Cold War is the confrontation between two nations.
Yes, people usually curse at someone you are acquainted with.
He completely destroyed the image of the country.
All kinds of rules made him lose his freedom.
Currently there are still women who like to wear corsets.
He likes black people.
You are really handsome!
Do you think leaving this kind of message is funny?
I'm going to get my house a fresh coat of paint.
I cannot leave.
It's really disturbing for not having Wi-Fi in the mountains.
Where can I take the public bus?
Where can I take a taxi?
We want to go there.
This is our passport.
May I use it?
Can you make it a bit cheaper?
Do you know where this musem is?
What is the specialty food here?
How much are entrance tickets?
We are six people.
Where can you buy this?
Where can I buy this?
Do you have big ones?
Do you have small ones?
Do you have other types?
I want to have a look at this one.
Could I try this on?
I wear a size 37.
It's a little big.
It's a little small.
Waiter, check please.
How much money?
Where is this road?
Where is Taiping road?
Is this a library?
Could you bring another bottle of water?
I want a glass of water.
I want a little bottle of water.
I want a bottle of ice water.
Because we only have one earth, we need to understand more how to care for it.
You speak so loudly I can even hear you on the first floor.
How are this airline's airplanes?
How is this airline?
His legs were crossed.
"Intestinal fat" is a kind of sacrifice.
She wants to do this day and night.
The boy came home.
After a long journey we finally arrived.
The aluminum castings must be brushed again.
Welcome to Aracaju.
Attention. Slow down. Dangerous turn at 200 meters.
You yourself need to be treated!
He gives the thing to his boss.
Will you use this?
I believe Tom is very cool.
I wish I did not say that at the party.
He cut the cake into seven pieces.
Is Beijing hot?
It is very hot in here.
Do you like cigarettes?
I didn't miss them.
I don't miss them.
I'd rather be his whore than your wife.
Sami had no choice but to surrender.
These apples are very big.
Is it a long way to Tallinn?
My phone charger is broken.
My smartphone charger fell.
Tom fell asleep at the cinema.
Was the teacher young?
Which is your favourite football team?
Do you like to send it by air mail or by surface mail?
Images and videos are transformed into gifs and memes.
I have a completely stupid question.
Tom passed away on October 20, 2013.
Tom can do so much better than me.
Tom has apparently done that already.
You can't allow Tom to do that anymore.
I haven't finished reading this book yet.
Tom doesn't have any idea why his wife left him.
I don't think Tom is serious.
Did Tom use to be a teacher?
I wouldn't buy that for Tom.
Tom and I sat on a bench in the park and talked while we fed pigeons.
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who had to do that.
It looks like Tom will do what we've asked him to do.
I might not see Tom today.
I know that Tom is hungry.
I knew Tom's brother.
You thought I was through doing that, didn't you?
You'd do that if Tom asked you to, wouldn't you?
You thought I didn't need to do that, didn't you?
Tom couldn't remember where he'd buried the money.
I didn't expect to hear back from Tom so soon.
Tom isn't doing what he's supposed to be doing.
I admitted that I didn't know how to do that.
I don't really think Tom needs to do that.
Tom said he hasn't decided what needs to be done.
I didn't tell Tom what needed to be done.
You're not allowed to take pictures here.
Tom promised that he'd come, but he didn't.
We're going to stay in Boston all month.
I was told that I don't need to do that.
Tom has admitted he was there that night.
I'm having my house painted next month.
I should tell Tom what I have to do.
I don't want Tom to stay any longer.
I don't want Tom to do that alone.
I don't know what Tom's plan is.
Was Tom watching TV last night?
I thought Tom would be worried.
Do you think Tom was satisfied?
You refused to do that, didn't you?
I don't think that really happened.
Tom doesn't believe he could do that.
You're a student, too, aren't you?
Tom and I were born in the same city.
Tom said he's glad he could do that.
Tom said he keeps a gun in his home.
Don't forget to do that again, OK?
I was going to work here all day.
You'll do that today, won't you?
I get up at 6:30 on school days.
I don't often do that by myself.
You sure were noisy last night.
Tom hung the calendar on the wall.
Tom must've thought Mary wasn't going to do that.
I didn't tell the whole truth.
Tom has come up with a good plan.
Tom didn't return my phone calls.
Tom said he's glad Mary has finally graduated.
Tom told me I shouldn't do that.
I don't like going to school.
We should've studied harder.
I don't have any experience.
My prediction was accurate.
What color is your new car?
I know that you're right.
Tom told Mary she couldn't do that.
Tom said he'll ask Mary to do that.
Tom is afraid of everyone.
I think I'll go by bus.
Tom and I are almost done.
I don't have a partner.
Tom seems to have a cold.
Tom has to do that again.
Tom and I are teammates.
I study French a lot.
Tom said Mary is shy.
Which cities are you all going to?
Where are you going first of all?
We are firstly going to Beijing.
Do you have a student ticket?
Yes, I have student ID.
This is my Spanish student ID card.
We want to go to the hotel.
Does your hotel have a name?
When can we use this until?
Where are we eating breakfast?
When is breakfast?
When does breakfast start?
We want two taxis.
Is the milk cold, or still hot?
We need assistance.
Japanese cars' steering wheels are on the right.
We are not afraid of you.
Stephen O'Brien, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, has said that more than 20 million people faced the threat of starvation and famine in Yemen, Somalia, South Sudan and Nigeria.
Sit on the plane.
Concerning this word, each expert has a different point of view.
This time, the nuclear test was a success.
This time, the nuclear test failed.
I think this photo was taken five months ago.
All the girls like singing.
You don't want to believe Tom.
The family members eat dinner together.
You are random.
When someone's upset, it's best to stay quiet.
The troubles of life are inevitable.
Could you introduce me to a lawyer?
Is there a Chinese lawyer here?
He is not willing to testify for his compatriot.
He is a timid man.
His level of Spanish should still be improved.
He should spend more time on this piece of research.
It's nice to have friends.
His pace was slower.
Cookies may contain nuts or peanuts, even if not included in the ingredient list.
Bill, if you'll come with me, you'll float, too.
He gave me 12 cloves of garlic.
He grabbed a handful of rice.
I will pay you back next week.
She saw her mother and smiled.
She saw her mother and gave a little smile.
The new school semester has started.
These are all languages of the Altaic language family group.
The plane is about to land.
Let's take a brief look at this topic.
That thief stole a phone on the bus.
His phone's camera broke.
Tomorrow, I am coming back from Hong Kong to the mainland.
Therefore, for the glorious God, you must accept each other, and accept Jesus Christ in the same way.
This book is too thick.
I am reading very slowly.
How long did it take you to finish reading that book?
Tom could write his name when he was three years old.
Do you want Catalonia to become an independent state in the form of a republic?
Are you coming tomorrow?
I like Tom too.
I don't know if Tom can help us.
What's your telephone number?
You're the one who suggested that we do that together.
You're the one who suggested that we travel together.
You're the one who suggested that we sing together.
Tom never should've tried doing that by himself.
I wish that Tom would agree to do that.
Tom is too tired to help you do that today.
It wasn't me who told you not to do that.
I'm not really sure what Tom meant.
I know why Tom is studying French.
I'm not going to do anything to you.
Tom is crying outside right now.
You looked like you were dizzy.
I don't know what Tom got.
Tom told me he was coming back.
You look like you're confused.
I think Tom can't win.
Please show me those pictures.
Why is Tom nervous?
Tom told me he wanted to win.
Tom talked about his school.
Tom told me he was nervous.
I don't laugh very often.
I wasn't very thirsty.
Are you still winning?
Neither Tom nor Mary will do that.
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said he'd wait.
Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the European Union or leave the European Union?
But if you're wrong, don't give up. Because you don't know what's going to happen next. Remember, don't give up easily.
There are three solutions to every problem: accept it, change it or leave it.
We would rather eat snails tomorrow.
He borrowed a lot of money from him.
Americans are kind people.
The incident made everyone feel more embarrassed.
This is really difficult to deal with.
What kind of room do you want?
The elevator's out again.
I slept for 11 hours last night.
Yesterday we wrote our essays.
Many people attended his concert.
Do I need to put a coin in first?
I'm out of cash.
I don't have much money on me now.
I have a lot of money on me now.
Could I see you again?
There is a crowd of people in front of the town hall.
She sat at the window.
Coffee and tea stimulate me.
There is a village beyond the hill.
At present, he is on holiday.
Do you want to watch this TV programme?
I will not believe it unless and until he tells me so.
The French are staying in the hotel just over there.
I respect him as a writer and as a man.
The child has picked a hole in his new jumper.
I will take the beefsteak.
She must answer for her actions.
Please tell Mary that she's required to do that.
Mary will be waiting for Tom to call her.
Mary promised that she'd come.
Mary is working in her office.
Tom didn't think that anybody would recognize Mary.
Tom said he thought he should study French.
We think Tom will be back soon.
Why are you still unmarried?
Tom won't leave you.
You are already dead!
Is Tom a good guy?
The exam was relatively easy.
It's a chilly morning.
April is the time to plant trees.
The church is close to the school.
The weather is a bit warmer today.
Sunday is my rest day.
The river is 300 kilometers in length.
Mmm, but you must wait for me.
My mother is fifty years old.
I want to buy a new bed linen.
The room was crowded with guests.
He put forward a new theory.
I don't know the exact date.
I love my country with every fiber of my being.
My son's in the third grade.
I was very moved by her story.
He can run as fast as I can.
That technician is highly skilled.
People today think differently.
He works in a secondary school.
Maybe that's what I'll do.
They were girding for the exam.
The door opened and she came in.
I go out for lunch at twelve.
I must start working at once.
His pain is past now.
I was too tired to walk any further.
I bought several books yesterday.
I'll be coming within an hour.
It had been arranged beforehand.
He had some rice for supper.
Looks like a fine day today.
Everyone is doomed to die.
I must wash my hands before dinner.
This river is dangerous to bathe in.
I'm very well indeed, thank you.
Give my best to your family.
Spring rains bring summer flowers.
Children like outdoor activities.
The street is illumined by many lights.
What you say is partly true.
His view on marriage is abnormal.
Sami's show was a disaster.
Sami will do much better next time.
Sami is not good at being a magician.
Sami tried some easy magic tricks.
Are you willing to learn Kadazan language?
How is it you speak with such a stutter?
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can never live long enough to make them all yourself.
As the moon rises above the sea, we share the same time though we are far apart.
It is easier to get money than to keep it.
He who is slow to anger has great understanding.
Never live in the past but always learn from it.
Sometimes, I wish I can walk through timely, and meet the back was still a child.
All things are possible if you believe.
I forgot to go and see the doctor yesterday.
He needs to examine the semen.
Her teeth hurt a lot.
I met her at 8:30p.m at the cathedral.
I feel like she has misunderstood me.
This dentist was too expensive.
How would you explain these words?
How do you interpret these words?
Inside the room there is a smell of smoke.
This room is too small.
I think I have a question.
I try to love everyone.
Unfortunately we were unable to record your participation. This may be due to the fact that you already participated in this opportunity or there was a suspected violation of our terms and conditions. You will be redirected to your panel platform.
Unfortunately we were unable to record your participation. This may be due to the fact that you already participated in this opportunity or there was a suspected violation of our terms and conditions. You will be redirected to your panel platform.
Unfortunately we were unable to record your participation. This may be due to the fact that you already participated in this opportunity or there was a suspected violation of our terms and conditions. You will be redirected to your panel platform.
Everything is changing.
Will I answer her honestly?
You are not at the hospital this morning.
You are at home today noon time.
Are you going to Lucy's house tomorrow afternoon?
They will not be at school tomorrow afternoon.
Where will you be tomorrow afternoon?
Do you have time in the morning?
Do you have time this morning?
Do you have any free time in the morning?
I am not at home tomorrow.
I am studying at Juana's house.
This book was in his car yesterday.
I was in school yesterday morning.
Where are you tomorrow evening?
We weren't at home yesterday evening.
Nothing, I'm not eating anything right now.
I finally found a job.
Generally speaking, I leave work at 8:40.
In that age, men and women wore similar hairstyles.
You are now breathing manually.
What kind of dessert would you like?
I think Tom won't come.
You're not Canadian, are you?
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
I planned to meet the professor at 1:30.
Did you do something fun?
Anna, where will your father be at this time tomorrow?
Anna is twelve years old.
No, Charlie is in Spain. Daniel and his mother are in England.
Juan is 35 years old today.
Today is the 3rd.
Tomorrow is April 5th.
When do you get up on Sundays? When do you got to sleep?
Were you in his house in Madrid last Thursday?
Are they all in Spain?
How old are they?
He eats at twelve o'clock.
She works at the bookstore.
I'm at home from six o'clock in the evening to eight o'clock in the morning.
I wake up at eight.
I'm not going to be at school tomorrow, I'm going to be in Madrid.
I'm in Spain right now.
At four o'clock in the afternoon.
It is three o'clock right now.
I will be here Wednesday afternoon.
Will you be here on Wednesday?
I got up at twelve o'clock on Sunday.
Working at the bookstore
What were you doing at this time yesterday?
I was learning at school at this time yesterday.
See no evil, Hear no evil, Speak no evil.
I think Tom and Mary haven't agreed to do that.
Tom and Mary weren't telling us the truth.
Tom and Mary are pretty proud of that.
I think Tom and Mary are satisfied.
Tom and Mary are asleep in their rooms.
I wonder whether or not Tom can speak French.
I think Tom will likely like this movie.
Both Tom and Mary want it.
Tom and Mary both know who you are.
Tom often says he won't be late, but he always is.
Tom didn't need to stay if he didn't want to.
Tom has made a big mistake.
Does Tom still like jazz?
Tom works in a bank now.
Tom fell off his bike.
I've never done anything illegal in my life.
No one was watching.
I hope he's not her boyfriend.
I hope she's not his girlfriend.
I never consider ease and joyfulness as the purpose of life itself.
Tom said that he keeps a gun in his home.
He is making use of the collective's name for his own profit.
Sometimes, you need to be alone. Not to be lonely, but to enjoy some free time just being yourself.
Tom told me that he was coming back.
Sami has seen every medical show on TV.
Who can tell me what a tragicomedy is?
I didn't trust Tom and he didn't trust me, either.
Sami was the only one who could fit into the costume.
Sami is ready to leave for the airport.
Look after the cattle.
Don't flirt with the customers.
This story has a sad ending.
Why are you texting all the time?
I'm not familiar with that term.
The bouncer asked to see her I.D.
No, Tom didn't tell me.
He kissed her forehead.
I hope everything goes well!
Sorry, I am not wearing a watch.
The weather is really hot.
Excuse me, where is the train station?
I want to get lost.
I want to go to the cinema.
Excuse me, which subway line is to the city centre?
Sorry, where is the nearest bus stop?
When does the next train for Shanghai depart?
Sorry, I could't find my seat.
Please show your flight ticket and passport.
Please find us a table for two people.
Please bring a glass of beer.
I want to buy a pair of pants.
Tom eats breakfast at 6 in the morning every day.
This time, it's different.
Please elaborate.
Most of the things you worry about never happen!
Love is what gives joy to all creation.
Sami frequented local sex shops.
I don't understand his thinking.
I do not like beer.
Is our appointment today or tomorrow?
I don't think this sponsor is very suitable.
It delayed your holiday.
The water level rises very quickly.
Are they already here?
Oh! This is so cute!
Cat!
Hmm.
Look at you!
Save me!
So much better!
Please listen!
Forever!
He drools.
After you!
I love garlic!
I love onions!
Today I had four exams.
I have passed all my exams.
The teacher didn't receive my test.
I was the last one to turn in my test.
We are working hard to cooperate more.
I hate lima beans.
Two slices of pizza please.
I'm not getting enough sleep.
I don't like corn.
You really are Tom.
From a distance, this stone looks like a human face.
From a distance, this stone resembles a person's face.
Be careful with the scorpion.
That trip is expensive.
I'm wearing my shoes.
I'm not reading the newspaper.
Are you feeling okay?
Yes, I'm fine.
This flower is violet in color.
Tom left a note for Mary on her desk.
Eight minus four is four.
Taiwan is a country.
I don't plan to stay very long.
Tom slept.
Tom said that he didn't think you should do that.
Tom said that he didn't have it all figured out yet.
We weren't able to find Tom.
I almost never watch TV nowadays.
I haven't discussed that with Tom.
I suspected that Tom was interested.
Those dogs will not stop barking.
I played tennis for the first time yesterday.
The original sentence means the opposite.
It doesn't match the Latin one.
What did he really tell you?
They'd have been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.
None of this would've been necessary if we'd followed Tom's advice.
I ran into Tom at the supermarket.
Don't eat so fast.
What did you use your camera for?
He is a talented young director.
I'm captivated by the challenges of translation.
That person needs to be relieved from his/her post.
We need more staff.
What helps cure a cough?
I have to go look for Thomas at school.
You are so full of crap!
I'm a bad-ass.
As I've already mentioned before, after a rigorous investigation, we have found nothing wrong with our company's management.
He is a tranny.
He's a slave.
It is already five, and I have still not gone to sleep.
Tom repaired his bicycle.
Our neighbor has two brown dogs.
Tom says he can't figure out what Mary wants.
The world is developing too quickly.
My house is on the south side of the park.
The website manager is very busy.
The teacher played music using a recorder.
This sentence is ambiguous.
Many famous philosophers and poets come from Athens.
Is the water in the glass clean?
I will ask you five questions.
Have you washed?
Do you want to?
Lend it to him.
You talk!
Don't move
I don't know this.
I don't understand these.
There's something I've been meaning to discuss with you.
Tom isn't nearly as smart as he thinks he is.
To be very honest with you, I don't think I can do that.
I observe a chimpanzee peel a banana and eat it.
Is it true that our genetic heritage is almost the same as that of chimpanzees?
Although he is not a singer, his singing voice is fantastic.
Here, catch!
Tom was embarrassed to have to ask for help.
I can't guarantee that that's going to happen.
Tom should have arrived by now.
I should have asked Tom to help.
You could have been killed.
Tom was a little overweight when he was a child.
This apple is starting to rot.
I have three times as many books as you do.
The radical in the chinese character for "good" is the character for "woman".
It is not snowing.
My dad really likes to eat pizza.
My father quite likes pizza.
Paul, do you think we can make it to the airport on time?
I know his real name, and where he lives.
She is very happy to eat chocolate.
She is very happy eating chocolate.
She likes to eat chocolate.
He wants to teach him a lesson.
Tom is going to have a party next week.
Tom is Mary's husband, isn't he?
Do you go to the movies often?
She has a cucumber at her bedside.
This cucumber is very long!
Shall I put in a few cucumbers?
Horses don't eat cucumber salad.
This is not difficult.
I have a bad idea.
I especially like the flavour of the mushroom.
I like eggplant.
In this soup there are carrots, onions, parsley, celery and potatoes.
Do you need to wash fresh vegetables?
Lettuce leaves wither easily.
I want a few potatoes.
Help me peel the potatoes.
I ate french fries.
On the plate there is a piece of chicken, a potato and some peas.
The broccoli is overcooked today -- it's not very good.
Koreans don't like eating cilantro.
Our breakfast has oats and corn in it.
"It smells like popcorn." "You're right!"
I want to slice these potatoes into strips.
The broccoli today isn't very fresh.
I don't like this restaurant -- let's go to a different one, OK?
I chose this topic because I think it is interesting.
This is an East Asian concept -- it's a little tricky to explain in Spanish.
I like watching Korean soap operas.
The cat is sleeping.
Is this your lunch?
There's a spider in the box.
Do you have laundry to do?
Can you buy some more pickles?
Tell me later.
My dog sleeps in the same room I do.
We couldn't see the top of the mountain.
What kind of books don't you like?
I turned off the light.
I don't like Tom very much, to be honest.
There should be a box of matches in the top drawer.
Is that the sweater you bought yesterday?
These people are so weird.
I don't like traveling with lots of luggage.
My wife is from Australia.
Those are hers.
I gave him the money.
Tom made a horrible mistake.
Those kittens are so cute.
I'm too full to move.
I have a horrible headache.
Why didn't Mary go?
She sent a text.
Tom said he's tired of eating Chinese food.
The only thing I want to do right now is sleep.
I am going to fry an egg in a pan.
Where is the wok?
Saturn is a planet.
Mars has two natural moons.
Mercury is a planet.
Did you see yesterday's eclipse?
Germany was eliminated by South Korea.
Arabic is a beautiful language.
I'm still good.
I'm going to register at a gym.
This car once had a foreign licence.
I want to enroll at graduate school.
He is contemplating whether or not to buy the book.
He urgently needs to find work.
He bullies younger children.
She just bought two entertainment magazines.
She is reading one entertainment magazine.
The latest entertainment magazine has many Korean influences.
I almost die laughing at the things he says.
This region's beekeepers produce honey particularly well.
My colleague and I do the same job, but he was promised a promotion in a very short while.
My colleague and I do the same job, but she was promised a promotion very soon.
They seemed to offend the referee.
I don't like soccer, but I like watching it.
What shall we eat for breakfast?
Children like chocolate.
Let's go for a walk after it stops raining.
All things are in the hands of God.
I might have forgotten my keys.
I might've forgotten my keys.
What are you reading right now?
We were overjoyed.
I'm very tired and don't have a place to sleep.
I often slept on that bench when I was homeless.
Tom is retired already, isn't he?
My lover is great at cooking.
Sami has a huge list of New Year's resolutions.
I thought that Tom and Mary were crazy.
I thought that Tom would want to know about that.
Tom and I are in Australia now.
I need you to promise that you'll do what I ask you to do.
I don't think that it's necessary.
I can't let you in here.
I don't think it's going to be easy to find Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be easy to find Tom.
I suspect that they water down the beer in that pub.
I know life is short.
Sami is from the South.
This time, it's different.
Tom has slept.
Mary had a bad dream.
Excuse me?!
Mary said she felt terrific.
She never mentioned she had a sister.
He said he wasn't coming back.
She didn't say why she did that.
He said he's not worried.
Tom has no time.
I am responsible for that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to go.
Tom crushed the garlic.
I don't dislike them.
He doesn't have a fever.
He is quickly recovering from his cold.
This isn't a tiger.
The bread isn't fresh.
The sun shines through the tri-color clouds, shooting towards the earth.
I don't think I'll be able to get there on time.
Tom didn't deny he did that.
I know that you like sports.
So they say.
Another!
Bow down!
The boy threw stones at me.
He told her many lies.
Actually, I was wrong.
Why, if man must perish, is he born?
My friend believes conspiracy theories; should I try to prove him wrong?
We have no reason to feel ashamed.
Things are usually janus-faced. And these fanatics only see one side.
Houdini was a famous escapologist.
Where's the telephone book?
Whoever said money can't buy happiness simply didn't know where to go shopping.
Merchants only look at the profits.
They advanced to the quarter-finals.
Is the incurrence of this penalty correct?
She can swim as quickly as her brother.
I'm unable to do manual labour.
Nobody can refute that fact.
The knight swears an oath of allegiance to the King.
I've got my hands full before 4pm
I find French much easier than English to speak.
Tom climbed from the tree.
If you are not willing to speak, then you do not have to answer.
If you don't want to speak, you don't have to answer.
Then the street was very quiet.
Then the street was quiet.
The meals are not too good.
The food isn't too great.
This weekend we can make telephone calls for free.
The father is very healthy.
Father is very healthy.
Hello! Are you still there?
We have no reason to be ashamed.
Put on clothes and come with us!
I have always been proud of you.
I have always been proud of you.
Please give me salt.
Please give me some salt.
I am called Dusanna.
My name is Dusanna.
Give it a go!
Tom ran as fast as he could to announce the good news to Mary.
What you said is baloney.
We both come from Germany.
I am not a scientist at all.
You should learn more.
This boy is very lazy.
These blueberries were too expensive.
Ask Tom if you have any doubt.
She did everything for her.
We don't sell beer.
He is majoring in economics.
How many people are in your household?
Are you already home?
Dad's English is better than Mum's.
People who cannot find time for recreation are obliged sooner or later to find time for illness.
The train should be on time.
Some things I will never be able to learn in my lifetime.
Everyone can make a mistake.
I think that he will definitely become a teacher.
It was extremely scary.
Our team scored the first goal.
I can't work for this company anymore.
Learning about the way the Earth has formed is a very interesting thing.
Today i'm going home.
I think he's about 60 years old.
"Did you watch TV on the weekend?" "No, I didn't."
Previously, he was a successful man.
Han, Manchu, Mongol, Hui and Tibetan people (as well as other minority groups in China) are kins in one family.
I don't think this is correct.
I am more or less the same age as you.
We have not lost hope.
If you can lend me some money, I would be very grateful.
It rains a lot during June and July.
Get off the internet and take a shower.
This photograph was taken by him.
Humans cannot survive on Mars.
I find this book very interesting.
Out of everyone there, I spoke the least.
We will talk about this soon.
If you want to know, just ask directly.
What time is she at home?
The best thing in the world is freedom of speech.
Breathing has become difficult.
He was once a rugby player.
We come from Germany.
I am not famous.
I am not famous.
Suddenly my computer stopped working.
I am at the dentist.
I don't know where he found her.
I live in a dormitory.
Oh, I'm sick.
Sorry, I don't have any change.
I have honey thighs.
Ankle, ankle, where are you?
They are all studients.
They're all studients.
The US declared independence from Great Britain in 1776.
School will soon break up for the summer vacation.
I can on no condition forgive her.
Everyone was more or less interested in the arts.
It is not so difficult as you think.
Australians excel at sports and entertainment.
Please confirm.
Fortune beamed on him.
I haven't read his novel, and my brother hasn't either.
I bleed when I make love.
Constant dripping wears away a stone.
French is too hard. I don't want to learn it.
I'm a cat.
I am a cat.
Stop bullying.
Our great country is unmatched in the world.
I live in an apartment in the city.
This grizzly bear weighs half a ton.
The radical in the Chinese character for "good" is the character for "woman".
Let's drink some water.
Learning Berber also gives me the chance to meet new people.
Russia borders China.
There was no point in arguing with him at this point.
Mennad could hear pieces of his tooth chipping.
Tom was with a bunch of strangers.
Buy Tom a beer.
You've got something stuck in your teeth.
He is completely wrong.
He is not completely wrong.
He is totally wrong.
He is not totally wrong.
I forgot to phone him.
We ran three kilometers.
If you don't help him, he won't make it.
I've gotten older, right?
I've gotten older, isn't it?
His father passed away.
Portugal was once an agricultural country.
I'm his friend.
Tom's boss was really angry.
Mennad left Baya to live with her mother.
Let's play together!
Is this zebra yours?
Mary quickly averted her eyes.
The cerebellum requires continuous blood supply.
When my parents get old, I will support them.
Bejaia is in Algeria.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will get elected.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will get elected.
I think it's unlikely Tom will get elected.
Tom has decided to become a monk.
Is it true Tom can't swim?
Tom had no idea Mary was a serial killer.
She is tall.
Why are you being so evasive?
A bottle of red wine, please.
Can I have a bottle of red wine?
You have something stuck in your teeth.
This computer has a sharp screen
He was staring at her legs the whole time.
He was born in Algeria and raised right here in Skikda.
I am not as optimistic as you are.
I am not as optimistic as you are.
He really wants to be Muslim.
A permanent job is better than a temporary one.
Tom is married to a Canadian named Mary.
At that time, I was still taking French lessons.
I wish that I could stop hiccuping.
Do black holes exist?
From each according to their ability, to each according to their needs.
From each according to their ability, to each according to their needs.
Wine is put in barrels to mature.
Did you lose your rifle?
I don't know where your book is.
You may not rest now, there are monsters nearby.
I haven't yet watched that video.
I haven't watched that video yet.
Tom died in his kitchen.
I was scared all the time.
They will help us.
How many children were injured?
I shouldn't have sold my house.
Tom is late as usual.
I'd be thrilled to do that.
You are the only one who can help us.
I'm so sorry I hurt your feelings.
Tom picked up the book.
You're the only one that can help us.
Tom and Mary were alone.
Couscous is my favorite Algerian food.
I think that I now have enough money to buy the car that I want.
I think I now have enough money to buy the car that I want.
I think that I now have enough money to buy the car I want.
I think I now have enough money to buy the car I want.
Write high-quality sentences.
Don't include multiple alternative words inside the same sentence.
Don't write extra information, such as the name of the author, within the sentence.
It's a misleading title.
She was so thin.
My mother was an angel and an inspiration to me.
I can come, too.
Mary is addicted to coffee.
"You didn't even give him a chance to explain." "What's to explain?"
Why is everyone being so nice to me all of a sudden?
Learning French isn't hard.
Learning French isn't difficult.
Tom won't be able to do that job.
He's working in Turkey.
I no longer wish to be your wife.
I promise that I will do it.
Don't lie to Tom and me.
I think I'm intelligent.
I wanted to see Tom's room.
I think that I'm intelligent.
I'll explain everything to you.
I promise that I'll do it.
I promise I'll do it.
I've deleted the app.
I deleted the app.
Can we take care of this tomorrow?
I donate blood every three months.
Say what?
I don't know how to say it, let alone you!
If you don't leave, I'll sic my dogs on you.
I could hear dogs barking all night.
You don't need to help me.
I don't like reading at all.
The dog's dead.
This is one of the best restaurants that I've ever eaten in.
This is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten in.
Have you already fed the horses?
"What's in that box?" "Nothing."
One of your tires is flat.
One of your tyres is flat.
Ideas matter.
I'm really bad at this.
Who planted this tree?
Which translation of this book do you think is better, the French one or the English one?
I'm glad you guys are here.
I'm glad that you guys are here.
Three people were killed in the explosion.
There was nothing I could do at that time.
There was nothing that I could do at that time.
I don't believe Tom's version of the story.
Which translation of this book do you think is better? The French one or the English one?
He's a con man.
He put on a tie.
The memories we make with our family are everything.
Omit this word in your sentence because it's not necessary.
Each age has deemed the new-born year the fittest time for festal cheer.
In me the tiger sniffs the rose.
Can you lend me your knife?
I also know how to cook.
I made no attempt to make friends with her.
I made no attempt to make friends with her.
She has a fluent tongue.
Do you know how many years old human civilization is?
She never expects a straight answer from him.
He denied he despised her.
He told me he didn't kiss her.
She did everything she could for him.
She did everything she could for him.
I heard Tom muttering something in French.
She bought a Christmas present for him.
Mary was wearing a navy blue skirt.
He gave her her bag.
The feeling was really strong.
The bodyguard was wearing an earpiece.
My suspicions were unfounded.
My suspicions were unfounded.
If he didn't order this investigation, she could have flown under the radar for years.
He said he hopes she won't do that by herself.
She seemed somewhat unsure of herself.
She calls herself a hobbyist.
He needs to talk to her himself.
Be patient and keep your ears stiff. Some things just take time.
We want to go to France.
A giraffe's heart is nearly thirty times heavier than a human's.
Only small populations of giraffes remain in this country.
I assume that you have no intention of going ahead with our arrangement?
- That's groundless, Your Honor.
Did you tell on me?
This is a crucial point.
She's an Algerian businesswoman.
This is a defibrillator.
Algeria is a close ally of both Russia and China.
Algeria isn't going to collapse.
Since I was the one they saw, they might think I was the one who did that.
If Tom doesn't take the prescribed medicine, his state of health might deteriorate.
If Tom doesn't take the prescribed medicine, his state of health might deteriorate.
Tom didn't like spinach when he was a child.
Tom confided in his friend that he was going to hang himself.
He told the boys to line up.
He told me that he wasn't scared of snakes.
I sleep on my stomach.
I just wanted to prove to myself that I could do this.
Words cannot describe how much I love you.
That boy over there is probably Tom's brother.
Tom dragged himself out of bed and put on his clothes.
It seems as if I'm the only person here capable of doing it.
I was quite thirsty and wanted to drink something cool.
Our friendship was put to the test.
That is not to be underestimated.
Don't let yourself be bossed around by her.
Strange that I'd never realised that before.
In Greenland it's colder than in Germany.
To whom are you loyal: me or the king?
Does Algiers have skyscrapers?
Are there any bike lanes in Algiers?
Algeria is in the midst of a political crisis.
Algeria is in the midst of an economic crisis.
Algiers has a beautiful promenade on the seashore.
There are no double-decker buses in Algiers.
Algeria needs to get rid of its bureaucracy.
This afternoon, the World Health Organization confirmed three thousand new cases of coronavirus, among which a hundred people died.
Ebola is one of the most virulent viruses known to man.
The authorities disclosed little useful information about the spread of COVID-19 at the beginning of the outbreak.
The greater the difference between the null hypothesis and an outcome, and the larger the sample size, the more confident one can be that the outcome is meaningful.
Not all clinical studies are hypothesis-driven.
I went to three funerals last month.
I hope that Tom has learned his lesson.
I hope Tom has learned his lesson.
I wonder where Tom is planning to go to college.
Is France trying to suppress Algeria's development?
This will have enormous implications for Algeria.
Tom has just remodeled his kitchen.
Tom found a skeleton in the cave.
Are eco-friendly cars sold in Algeria?
Algiers is a bustling city of over three million people.
Can Tebboune rebuild Algeria?
When Tom found out about that, he was furious.
Tom advised me not to buy a secondhand car.
I've decided to shave my head.
The main question is how does Tom feel.
Tom works at a fast-food restaurant.
Tom still hasn't got the courage to tell Mary what he did.
"You can't answer my question with a question." "Why not?"
Even if I knew the answer, I wouldn't tell you.
It all depends on you.
It wouldn't be wise to ignore Tom completely.
Tom is our starting quarterback.
Wipe the pan dry with a paper towel.
Wipe the pan dry with a paper towel.
Tom has started studying karate.
Get me some towels from the bathroom.
This is only one of the things we found.
Doing that is simply out of the question.
Government officials say there’s no evidence to support the suggestion that Chinese students may be the ones inadvertently spreading the virus.
Stock markets around the world tumbled Monday over fears that China’s coronavirus outbreak is causing long-term damage to the supply chains that are the lifeblood of the global economy.
In the United States, the major stock market indices at one point were down three percentage points on Monday, as investors rushed to safe havens, including gold and U.S. Treasury bonds.
In the United States, the major stock market indices at one point were down three percentage points on Monday, as investors rushed to safe havens, including gold and U.S. Treasury bonds.
Business is booming in Algeria.
I'm halfway through my sandwich.
China's health authorities are taking steps to stop the spread of the coronavirus.
Dubai is a low-tax economy.
Algiers never stands still.
Tom hid in the shed.
Are you afraid of being fired?
Are you afraid of being fired?
Getting started was difficult.
That couldn't have gone any worse.
Algeria's appetite for sugar is increasing.
She's a strange, enigmatic and inspiring poet.
I'm not as optimistic as you are.
I'm not as optimistic as you are.
I'm not as optimistic as you.
I'm not as optimistic as you.
Tom paid me back the money he owed me.
Tom paid me back the money that he owed me.
Both of Tom's parents passed away when he was quite young.
We want to spend our honeymoon in Australia.
Tom doesn't even know how to fry an egg.
I don't have money now.
Tom hasn't taken a bath in a long time.
Can I stay here with you?
Can I stay here with you?
I have nowhere to go now.
Will you accept this job?
The red geranium is very beautiful.
These eating patterns are a learned behavior.
Can Algeria rely on renewable energy?
He was going to the cafeteria.
The president predicted that once the coronavirus is gone, the stock markets “will pop back up like nobody has seen.”
We have to have fun somehow.
I have been studying Korean for 1 year.
I'm not picky. I'll eat anything.
I can under no circumstances forgive her.
Did you just eat forty servings of pudding?
Jiang Feng's servant hired the "Twelve Zodiacs" to kill him. They ambushed him and his wife Yuenu.
Jiang Feng escaped and afterwards Yuenu gave birth to two boys, but the 12 zodiacs had been lying in wait and ambushed them. Suddenly two princesses from Yihua Palace appeared. They made Yuenu kill herself, and shortly after, Jiang Feng committed suicide.
Meanwhile, Jiang Qin distracted Jiang Feng's older brother Yan Daxia.
Yan Daxia realised he had been lied to and flew to Jiang Feng's side. He took Jiang Feng's son and left. Yan Daxia vowed revenge and left the boy with a spice merchant.
Afterwards, he set off for Villain Valley.
Do you want to play volleyball?
Everyone came to the blackboard to write down their name.
This pub has very beautiful waitresses.
When I'm away from home, I miss it dearly, but when I am at home, I want to travel.
Farmers are the heart of a country.
She stayed by his side through thick and thin.
Please charge your glasses and drink a toast to the bride and groom!
I love the Dim sims from Tim Ho Wan.
Every day I take the tram to the office.
Enemies are approaching from the north side!
He used to be a professor, but now he is the dean.
I fixed my car last month, but it broke again afterwards.
After my work mate quit his job he moved to Shanghai to teach English.
She used to be a part time chef, then she became full time.
In the scorching heat, the cat is spread out lethargically on the ground.
Who has the edge now?
Thanks. If there's anything else, just ask.
This clinic is doing laser surgery.
I'm too petrified to speak.
My husband is a professor.
I'm a Christian, but I don't eat pork.
How do you say this in English?
These are Algeria's best under-18 basketball players.
"How did you get my phone number?" "Tom gave it to me."
Please report the progress.
I don't like green onions.
The cat was very angry after having been washed. As soon as it saw me it ran.
I studied Italian in school.
Time ticks by more slowly around a black hole.
Time passes more slowly around a black hole.
That's a face I've seen before.
He would rather lose his life than betray his organization.
Afraid of losing his life, he has to betray his organization.
He would rather betray his organization than lose his life.
Even though it costs his life, he still chooses to betray his organization.
He wastes his life, forgetting to betray his organization.
He sacrificed his life and betrayed the organization.
She took care of her sick child all night.
The Soyuz spacecraft undocked from the International Space Station at 9:53 p.m. EDT, carrying three people back to Earth.
Could you give me a toothpick, please?
The razor made a buzzing sound.
The books here are mine.
Nothing in the world is flawless and perfect.
This swallow's wings are broken.
Do you remember which year it happened?
Tom works as an elephant trainer in a circus.
Stay put till I get to you.
Stop getting yourself worked up over little things.
Stop getting yourself worked up over little things.
They always fight over little things.
Don't get agitated. It's nothing.
I don't take any responsibility at all.
She flew away on wings of light.
The red fish is swimming lazily in the lake.
Whenever I see the clouds, I think of whipped cream.
The fisherman caught a purple jellyfish in his net.
The blue bird is perched on a branch, singing cheerfully.
The lion is stalking its prey.
Where are all the people going? Is there a fair?
Where are all the people going? Is there a fair?
What is your reason for soliciting a conversation with me?
Nighttime is my favorite time of the day.
The robin is looking for worms.
The sparrow is singing in the trees.
The woodpecker is pecking the tree trunk vigorously.
Vanessa loves to knit hats, scarves, and mittens in rainbow colors.
Melissa is fond of eating peach tarts.
Shahina is an Arabic name meaning falcon.
Before you speak ill of people, look at yourself in the mirror.
Do you want to eat garbanzo beans?
You need to shed some pounds.
It's already time to brush your teeth!
There's a small dog waiting at the door of a store.
Tom got a computer virus while he was watching videos on dubious Internet sites.
It's very windy outside, but we'll still go out for a walk.
Is that a coyote?
Are you a hands-on person?
Better to ask the way than go astray.
He was chilled to the bone.
I have a feeling I'm being ignored.
He's a cheat.
The book I bought last night has arrived.
I bought a book online.
She's 12 years old.
Is she Carmen?
I am very interested in languages.
I'm very interested in languages.
Tom doesn't like women who wear too much makeup.
Everyone knows Tom speaks good French.
Everyone knows that Tom speaks good French.
I ate curry last night.
I had curry last night.
I love to eat kaya pau.
The Japanese yen appreciated.
He is in the hospital at present.
Is she equal to a long journey?
Have you got that in stock?
I always felt like she was hiding something.
I told him I wanted to go to Boston.
The role of the placenta is to nourish the foetus.
I drink coffee in a cafe.
Tom is Greek.
Mary is Greek.
This trash bag does not contain any dangerous chemicals.
Tom has a gray car.
I need a plate.
I have strawberries, do you want to eat some？
There are strawberries in my bag.
This ice cream is not strawberry flavoured.
I am eating a watermelon.
Give me a kilogram of peaches.
I want to eat mango.
Why don't you eat pineapple?
You don't seem scared.
Iron is a metal.
I couldn't hear you.
If economic globalization is inevitable, it should primarily serve humanity rather than the interests of trans-national corporations.
I just want to rant a little bit.
This chair is relatively small.
The chair is relatively small.
Your skirt is very cute.
Actually, I don't know.
Let's start the translation!
I'd be willing to do that for you.
Don't chatter! I have to study.
We are eating bread.
It's just started to snow.
I take accountability for my mistake.
We're eating bread.
I gave Tom three cookies.
This really is a masterpiece.
Tom only speaks one language.
Free Turtle Island!
How many forks do we need?
The world is beautiful.
The world is beautiful.
This may be our last meeting.
Terrible!
We're heroes.
I can't read such a thick book in a week.
He invited them to dinner.
I'm pretty sure we have enough gas to get home.
I hid in the tall grass.
My grandmother gets up early every morning.
Only a fool would do something like that.
The dress that Mary is wearing looks expensive.
There are no single beds left.
Condoms are an effective measure to prevent HIV and many other diseases.
Tom loves apple juice.
Hell is empty, and all the devils are here!
Now I am really tired.
It's five o'clock now.
I like beef more than lamb.
Very interesting.
The cross was moved to the church.
Turn on the computer.
It's already very late, but he is still at work.
He has written a book, however, he has no money to publish it.
Let me have a look at your notebook.
Someone stole my laptop computer.
You have a letter.
Suddenly, this mouse stopped working.
He hung his jacket on the coat stand.
I use laundry detergent.
I don't like to use liquid laundry detergent.
I collect foreign coins.
How hot is that?
It's very hot here, it's 26 degrees.
He sells old carpets.
We saw this movie and we loved it.
We should stop.
A lot of people came today.
Who is Anna's classmate?
Who is Anna's classmate?
He's Jackie Chan.
The airport is close at hand.
There is a monster under my bed.
I am from Kyoto.
You didn't eat.
She didn't eat
It did not eat.
It didn't eat.
What do you do at home?
What do you do at home?
There is an oasis in the desert.
I would be glad to do that for you.
I hope next time you'll be more careful.
This isn't rubber.
What is the date on Sunday?
Just do it!
I feel sad sometimes.
He researched British tea culture in great detail.
Your random firing will scare away the prey.
None of these considerations are decisive.
Check the tools and see if anything is missing.
A horse pulled the cart along the road.
Death is like dreaming.
He changed the channel.
He can speak Portuguese.
She can speak Portuguese.
Is his German good?
Is her German good?
We can't speak Japanese.
They can't speak Korean.
They can't speak Korean.
He lives in Madrid.
She lives in Madrid.
Do you still like me?
We have what we need.
When do you want me to call?
There is no time.
That's even worse.
Can you come over here?
He changed his will.
No one answered the phone.
Tom's friend's name is Mary.
Yanni is a spoiled kid.
Do you know the password?
You should eat a little.
There used to be a post office here.
Tom hates writing letters.
Tom was teased by everyone.
Tom was teased by everybody.
I still cherish the necklace you gave me ten years ago.
Anyway the event has already passed, there is no point in mentioning it again.
Jennifer lives a peaceful life in the small village, unlike us with our busy city lives.
Stop bullying the weak Jennifer!
Xiaoming could not handle his mother's scolding anymore, bursting into tears.
You should interact with the local culture more, to better understand some traditions.
No, you say.
My correction fluid has run out, so now I only write in pencil.
Are those Tom's dogs?
Did you find your parents?
I don't think I agree.
I knew you'd be furious.
Tom thinks Mary is boring.
Who else has a key?
Have you ever been to Tom's?
Tom works at a library.
Why did you refuse to do that?
I was hoping to talk to Tom.
Tom is asleep. Should I wake him up?
We have to be strict.
Where did Tom go this time?
Who taught you how to ski?
The first time I saw Tom, I thought he was a girl.
This is a very good way to learn languages.
India has a very old history.
Even jokes have a limit.
I am from Brazil, and you?
I don't consider Tom my friend.
The first time that I saw Tom, I thought that he was a girl.
I am looking for a mango to eat.
He goes to the market everyday.
You're a smart person.
Tom does not have a fever this morning.
I saw them swimming.
I have read some books.
I live in the capital.
Erdogan is the President of Turkey.
Tom likes challenging himself.
Tom makes TikTok videos.
What is the capital of Holland?
What is the capital of the Netherlands?
What is the capital of the Netherlands?
She's Bulgarian.
Russian is difficult to learn.
She looked a little sad.
Nobody was there.
Did everyone do the homework?
The 1960s saw the emergence of the Civil Rights movement in the United States.
I need to fix my bicycle.
You can look at mine.
I only have a few pens.
Tom plays guitar.
So, what should I do now?
Our city has trams.
Why is my internet access so slow?
Although she grew up in Japan, she can speak perfect English.
Tom has already fed the dog.
Is your son studying in university?
These are unisex pyjamas.
Don't drive that close to it.
I am really enjoying watching your video.
Did Tom get the package we sent to him?
I am afraid of dentists.
A dog followed me home.
I really want to learn Japanese too.
The only thing that socialists understand about money is that they want to take it from others.
I'm afraid of dentists.
I'm scared of dentists.
He sleeps with his eyes open.
Alexander the Great died in Babylon.
Did Tom get the package that we sent to him?
Why are you worried about me?
"Whose shoes are these?" "They're Tom's."
He's stalking you.
Who's the funniest person in your class?
Do you know how much I love you?
"Who do these shoes belong to?" "To Tom."
Marie is probably rich.
Mary is probably rich.
"So how do you find Mary?" "She looks rather unusual."
"So what do you think of Mary?" "She has a rather peculiar appearance."
I waited for them
I waited for them
Well, of course, I did that.
Kiss it.
Hopefully, we can all stay healthy.
Would it be OK if I stayed behind?
Tom began again.
Did Tom get the package that we sent him?
Did Tom get the package we sent him?
I bought a bag of frozen corn.
I saw Tom standing near the window.
Tom had nowhere to stay.
Tell the children to stay out of the kitchen.
I ate black sesame ice cream.
Although it was still early, it was already hot outside.
He saw my expression change.
I am as I am.
Yanni hit rock bottom.
Sociopaths like telling lies.
We erected our tent.
A sociopath is cold.
Yanni wanted to make up.
Tom decided to stay in Australia.
The truck almost hit me.
Give Tom more time.
Give Tom some more time.
Tom and I are long-time friends.
Tom asked me why I thought learning French would be useful for my job.
You still need to wash your clothes.
Yanni is reading this book.
A spider has eight legs.
Cake? I'm suddenly hungry again.
To reach the North Pole is not easy.
What's your phone number?
I spilled jam on the electric outlet and there was a short circuit.
Ice melts in water.
He collected an entire bucket of water.
I'm so tired!
Universities have classrooms and dormitories.
The person entering the store is my younger sister.
The person entering the store is my little sister.
We will all be playing in the dormitory tomorrow night, can you come?
Are they heartless?
Are they heartless?
"There's an apostrophe missing. It's and its are different." "I know. It was a typing error."
My father works at a factory.
This man is a linguist. It's natural that he know.
Welcome to China!
He went to Urumqi on Monday and came back here the next day.
Are you a teacher?
Doing this is to betray the trust of your friends.
This new word is particularly important for us.
Look, eat, listen, learn.
Fruit is very good for your body.
I'm good, you're better, she's the best.
Let me introduce my friends to you.
She told me the matter regarding her teacher.
She told me about her teacher.
From father to son.
Either one is fine, but the former is more concise.
What is the most convenient route to your place?
Can you let me finish speaking?
Can we get back to the topic?
Our staff will contact you in three working days.
She's learning Chinese, too.
She didn't eat.
Do you have some?
Flour is one of those products you should always have in your kitchen.
This statement is actually kind of suspicious.
He is the youngest amongst us four.
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that.
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that.
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that.
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that.
I will not go.
Your socks stink.
They ate it all.
The pastor is in the church.
Makes no difference anyway.
Some people shouldn't be forgiven.
As soon as Tom sat down, he started eating.
We can take Tom.
He has German tomorrow.
I am chatting with you.
He is a local.
Tell a story after dinner.
Arsenal is my favourite football team.
My favourite musical instrument is the electric guitar.
Which Houston Rockets jersey looks the nicest?
My Cantonese is better than my Mandarin.
I like Cantonese music more than Mandarin music.
How do you relieve stress?
How do you relieve stress?
How do you relieve stress?
How do you relieve stress?
How do you relieve stress?
How do you relieve stress?
My friend lives near the Swiss German border.
My friend lives near the border of Switzerland and Germany.
I will miss you all so much.
I exercise to relieve stress.
Yanni hasn't seen this movie.
The bank does not open on Saturdays.
That's not French.
The kitten wants to come in.
I want to call my family.
Take your hats off.
Do you plan to return to your home country or to continue staying in the Netherlands after graduating?
I want to go skating.
I want to go ice skating.
She’s waiting for you to return.
My friend hasn't come back yet.
Are there any languages with no vowels?
Please, help her!
I really do love to travel!
I bought many notebooks.
He's learning German.
There is no video proof.
I want a hug.
I'm Tom, and you?
Do you speak Limburgish?
I live in Maastricht.
Yanni is a genius.
I'll teach you Spanish if you teach me Japanese.
If you teach me Japanese, I'll teach you Spanish.
Don't tell anyone that I wet the bed.
Summer is always hot and humid.
The wind is howling outside the window.
How do you say Limburgish in Limburgish?
I would like to drink some soda.
Is German easy to learn?
I feel that the German language can be very difficult.
Is German easy to learn?
This product is already sold out.
Is there a difference between steamed buns and steamed bread?
Early removal of the placenta is very dangerous.
I want two cats.
I want two kitties.
I still have lessons in French and Dutch to take.
You're very dejected.
This startled me.
The cat jumped onto his shoulder.
Give me a slice of cake too!
Please lower the volume of the music!
Ireland is in Western Europe.
We are not young.
We aren't young.
Is it OK to eat figs every day?
I really like to dance.
Add life to your days and not days to your life.
Next person!
He weighs more than 80 kilograms.
Those men are Canadians.
Those women are Canadians.
What have you got planned for next weekend?
What do you have planned for next weekend?
I didn't understand anything you just said.
I'll miss you all so much.
Never rush, or you risk doing things wrong.
Have you got anything planned for next weekend?
I can sing and dance.
I can dance and sing.
You're a professor, aren't you?
Tom is a professor, isn't he?
That cloud looks like Tom Jackson.
Turn back if you want to see her.
Well, tell me about it, then!
Well, say it, then!
My, aren’t you a shameless one?
There’s no time for this!
There’s no time!
There’s no time for that!
We don’t have time for this!
We don’t have time for that!
I don’t have time for this!
I don’t have time for that!
Hence, we have to take care of ourselves.
You can write a sentence in a lot of ways and still keep the general message intact.
At last, he arrived at the Well of Despair.
At last, he arrived at the Well of Despair.
I'm going to harvest for you next week.
I'll buy it for you tomorrow.
I am you.
Make sure you read this if you want to learn the Kadazan language.
I'm not hungry, but I always want to eat something.
Cold winter came on.
This is her book.
Quite a number of people still believe it.
Jesus answered them.
I will be back by nine.
I am to blame.
I found the book which I had lost the day before.
Everything seems to go right with him.
He fancies himself as an artist.
Whenever he comes up to Tokyo, he stays with us.
He is as talkative as ever.
I love you all the more for your faults.
Bill went in and checked.
I'm in the living room.
Wearing a suit, he stood out.
You'll start to understand what these words mean when you grow up.
I bought a VCR at that store for a low price.
I believe the actions that he took were right.
I think of his name every time I hear this song.
You have to queue.
You have to queue up.
You have to get in the queue.
You have to wait in the queue.
Hello, who am I speaking to?
That's not a cricket, that's a grasshopper.
Hi, everyone!
Try to learn a little English.
My father is only fifteen years old.
What you want is the most important thing.
Blimey! Swiss trains have got the lot!
Keep going straight ahead!
I like cracking sunflower seeds with my teeth.
Every day I either ride a bike or get the bus to work.
This sangza is really good!
I'm an American citizen.
Even though he had a cold, he went to work.
We intended to let you in on the secret.
When the pressure is lower, the boiling point is lower.
When the pressure is lower, the boiling point is lower.
I'm from Bulgaria.
If you're hungry, why don't you eat?
I hate the English language and everything related to it.
I rarely go to the cinema.
I never sleep.
I have a Twitter account.
They are wrong.
Esperanto's grammar is very simple.
I broke a glass while I was cooking.
Next year I will return to Macao.
The secretary stuffed the letter into an envelope.
This computer has a sharp screen.
Tom will be sentenced next Monday.
Why's Tom allowed to do that, but I'm not?
Latin is not at all easy to learn.
I like tulips and cats, but tulips are poisonous to cats. How should I choose?
I mixed them up again!
All of our students are studying French.
No one is forcing you to do this.
If you don't like wine, then you must've not had good wine before.
Mathematics is the language that God used to create the universe.
Tom also likes to eat fish.
A hot water bottle is something you must buy to prepare for the winter months.
In just a moment, it seemed like everything stopped.
In geography class, the teacher showed a globe to the students.
Science-Fiction can be abbreviated as sci-fi.
Don't bully me!
He likes reading science fiction novels.
We waited a while, but he didn't come.
We waited a while, but he didn't turn up.
We waited a bit, but he didn't come.
Did you bring some milk?
Modern art isn't interested in me.
Modern art isn't interested in me.
Modern art doesn't have an interest in me.
Modern art doesn't have an interest in me.
I'll be back by nine.
Can you?
The flag is blue.
I just got another leg cramp and it hurts like hell.
This is an ancient castle.
We have to leave right now.
Tom is the fastest runner out of the three of us.
Have you been working long as a doctor?
Have you been working as a doctor for long?
Have you been a doctor for long?
He hates being misunderstood.
"Anyone can be a legend."
It was winter.
Non-native speakers are speakers, too.
I live in Boston, but I was born in Chicago.
Vegetables are getting more expensive.
"Tom, say that you love me." "Wh-, what?" "Say that you love me." "Why?" "Just do it." "....I love you." "Thanks." "What was that all about?" "Nothing. Don't worry about it."
Brown is not Tom's natural hair color.
The apples Tom sent me were delicious.
Even though Tom is wealthy, he's not happy.
Even though Tom is wealthy, he isn't happy.
I think it's possible that Tom may come.
"Tom, say 'I love you'." "Er, what?" "Say 'I love you'." "Why?" "Just because!" "I love you." "Ta!" "What's that all about?" "Oh, nothing! Think nothing of it."
I think it's possible Tom may come.
I discovered that that box was empty.
I think Tom's in danger.
Ziri was thinking.
I came in a car.
So you come from another planet?
She opened a packet of biscuits.
Her new book is selling well.
In the past, Turks felt like foreigners on this street because so many international tourists were here.
Do I appear to look like I am rich?
Who's behind it?
He's the leader of the next generation.
Tomiko managed to guess my weight.
Tomiko guessed my weight correctly.
Although I haven't slept on the train.
He told him that she was right.
Tell them I love him.
Are you out of bed?
She became fat.
He's consoling his mother.
Does the train stop at the next station?
Do these children have any parents?
Her clothes are worn out.
She speaks Japanese.
A home without a mother is a sad, sad place.
It's been quite a while since I've written poetry.
Flowers and wreaths were laid in front of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
Although I grew up in the United States, my parents are Taiwanese.
I forgot to tell my mother that I won't be eating dinner with her.
Tim is left-handed.
Tim is a lefty.
Does anyone smell smoke?
Can anyone smell smoke?
I'm waiting for her here.
We've bought a new washing machine.
This food is enough to feed two people.
I don't care the slightest bit what others think.
Didn't you lock your bike up?
He just left an hour ago.
Sammy was arrested.
There's a police officer at the door.
Mary is prettier than me.
My father is the one drinking tea.
How annoying.
Will you be able to sleep with all that caffeine you've just had?
I think she'll like this book.
Those two are arguing again.
Those two are quarrelling again.
Those two are quarreling again.
At last it's stopped raining.
At last it has stopped raining.
I felt incredibly nervous.
She showed more composure than others.
She showed greater composure than others did.
No matter how close the resemblance, there's always a difference.
Please bring your own food.
Please help me get the mouse.
Mary bluntly rejected Tom's request.
Is it always so cold here?
What have you put in there?
What have you put in it?
What did you put in it?
At that moment, time seemed to stand still.
At that moment, time seemed to be standing still.
This is a science fiction book.
I want to go to the skating rink.
I chose the less expensive one of the two.
This bottle is empty.
Where did they find it?
Everything outside is fly-posted again.
Take a look!
Have a look!
She finally gave me a call yesterday.
Whose key is that on the table?
Can you let me see what you bought?
Maria is in the kitchen.
My mother bought my younger brother a yellow umbrella.
Every minute of delay costs lives.
The students are doing their homework.
My underwear is black.
I'm going on a diet starting tomorrow.
He lives in Bukhara.
I can't do that, because I don't want to go to jail.
Do I look rich?
Do I look as if I'm rich?
Don't be so arrogant!
I only just got home.
That looks really dangerous.
Fourteen people live here.
Does he know what you've done?
And what if someone sees us?
Achieve your dreams.
What part of the movie did you like best?
Which one of the books that I lent you did you like the best?
No need to tell him. He knows.
A dangerous criminal escaped from prison.
The last one is mine.
Mary tricked them all.
Mary fooled them all.
Tom is studying French at school.
Tom spoke fluent French.
Tom and Mary often speak to each other in French.
All I want to know is where Tom is.
Life is very expensive here.
I just couldn't understand why he did that.
My best friend is Filipino.
When you get there, call me.
I know I'm right, but you're entitled to your opinion.
Which bit of the film did you like most?
Tom seems to forget everything.
This is our Chinese language teacher's car.
The barometer is an instrument that measures atmospheric pressure, especially used to study climate and to determine altitudes.
The doctor has prescribed you medicine.
We've moved.
He had almost fallen asleep when he heard someone call his name.
Please don't feed the wild animals.
The explanation Tom gave us was easy to understand.
You're still too young for that.
At every moment we are ready for anything.
Don't believe everything you say, don't say everything you know, don't do everything you want.
First they laugh at you, then they fight you, and then you win.
First they laugh at you, then they fight you, and then you win.
You're Portuguese, right?
Mary is busy studying.
I enjoy the history of literature.
At last you've remembered to bring a dictionary.
You've finally remembered to bring a dictionary.
Professor Kai has been studying insects for forty years.
Sorry, I'm not used to seeing a priest with a sense of humor.
“Mum, what’s a fireman?” “It’s like someone who does the watering of a building.”
I have the power of invisibility, but it only works when I’m wearing a freshly washed shirt.
Mary, you shouldn't chop food without using a chopping board, no matter how short a time it is for.
He caught a plane in Tokyo to go to Osaka.
Did you manage it?
They are not teachers.
He has a private jet.
Our ball went over the fence and landed on the building site.
When have you got to hand in your essay?
When have we got to hand in our essays?
Don't come here!
He has a private jet.
I've just started teaching French.
I'd like to buy one of these.
Sleep on the couch.
You can't live alone.
Are you afraid to go to sleep?
You're a grown man.
It must be your imagination.
I want to watch you drown.
I want to watch you die.
Shall we go to the market?
Is something the matter with your car?
Doing that would make Tom angry.
Please put it on the table.
I handed the map to Tom.
I handed Tom the map.
I got here earlier than Tom did.
I got here earlier than Tom.
Here is my take on the matter.
Tom and Mary have lived together for a long time.
It sank.
I was blinking.
Mary knelt down.
Mary got on her knees.
My life was worthless.
Thank you for coming to help me.
You do love her, don't you?
All the shops are now closed.
Oh no, oh no! It can't be so!
Why must I wash the dishes?
It's really a matter of opinion.
Don't bother Mary; she's in a rotten mood at the moment.
I have nothing else to tell you.
I have the queen of hearts.
Tom wants to stay for a while.
Let him say what he wants.
The dog bolted away like a bullet.
Everybody, go home!
Most insects have six legs and four wings.
Prove you're not a chicken.
Prove you're not a chicken.
She pulled a thorn out of the tyre.
Prove you're not a coward.
That's not what you said you'd do.
Xiao Wang followed my advice and quit smoking.
She got sick, so she didn't go to school.
She runs every day. She is very healthy.
He runs every day so he is very healthy.
It rained yesterday so we didn't go.
No matter how cold the weather is, I go to the park every day to run.
Even when it rains, I go to the park every day to run.
Whether rain or shine, I go to the park every day to run.
"What's that noise?" "It's a deer barking." "In the middle of the town centre?"
I've never played football before.
What did Mom and Dad do today?
We're taking part.
He avoided the problems.
He avoided the problems.
She doesn't seem to agree.
It seems easy enough.
They're probably tired.
They would prefer stay.
They would rather stay.
It seems totally impossible.
That seems completely impossible.
It could prove useful.
Forgive, but don't forget.
Don't get in the car.
The result was modest.
It was a modest outcome.
Sam had to prove that.
Sam needed to prove that.
He's writing an application.
Tom got on his bike.
We're partly responsible.
We're partly responsible for that.
She decided to chuck her job in.
Don't get older, get wiser.
You need to change at Shinjuku.
Where have we got to?
Where have we got to?
Where've we got to?
Where've we got to?
Our arrival drew attention.
The difference is striking.
Everyone decides for themselves.
His question remained unanswered.
We need directions.
String is sold by the metre.
The rumours were unfounded.
It was not until the end of April that winter began to release the land from its icy grip. The days became warmer; snow and ice turned into streams of meltwater.
I learned to use a command block today.
Does the tube train stop at the next station?
They watch telly only on Fridays.
They only watch television on Fridays.
She avoided him like the plague.
Tom is different from Mary.
Tom wants to come back to Australia.
This is one of the T-shirts I bought in Australia.
I am unable to memorise it.
Tom had never used the washing machine before.
He won a scholarship to study in Germany.
This junction is notorious for accidents.
You've missed a bit.
Tom is not good at math.
He did pioneering work in the field of physical geography.
What's your most special dish?
He's trying it himself now.
He's just now having a go himself.
I found the book I'd lost the day before.
He doesn't cope with complicated situations.
He can't cope with complicated situations.
The rain soaked me on my way home.
I got soaked by the rain on the way home.
I got soaked with rain on the way home.
Is that your boss at the window?
Will I still do it?
It's happened again, hasn't it?
A crowd of people were standing at the entrance to the theatre.
One day you'll realise how important saving is.
She married soon after graduating from university.
I took the lift to the second floor.
I took the lift to the second floor.
I'll ring you in a couple of days.
I'll phone you in a couple of days.
What subject are you studying?
What subject do you study?
How about a bite to eat?
John motioned furiously.
She teaches Dutch.
Have you fed the parrots?
Tom had never used a washing machine before.
Is that your boss by the window?
Tom came here to talk to Mary.
He wanted a glass of beer.
He wanted a glass of beer.
You need to reverse your vest. It's inside-out!
Is Hungarian your mother tongue?
Give me back the remote!
It's your turn to say something now.
We're going down the pub. Do you fancy coming?
When you were at the cinema, we were down the pub.
What are you doing at home?
He's extremely good-looking.
Toss it into the rubbish.
Toss it into the rubbish bin.
Toss it in the trash.
I've never denied that I have feelings for you.
Put it in the rubbish.
"What do you do all day?" "I eat."
The toilets at motorway service stations are often very dirty.
Returning home from an evening down the pub with his mates, Tom found a handwritten note stuck to the front door; the handwriting was his wife's. It read: "You can forget any idea that I might come back – I've left you!"
I'll remind you.
I'll remind you about it.
Why am I telling you all this?
I can't see anything, either.
Neither can I see anything.
I can't see anything either.
What are they protesting against?
I've got to go to the library.
I need to go to the library.
I haven't got a telly at home.
I don't have a television at home.
She's got a nice ass.
She had never been so lonely.
That's to our advantage.
We arrived at the same time.
I recognised her straight away; she hasn't changed a bit.
She's on the rag.
He often brings his umbrella.
I can't ride a bike because it is raining today.
He was sick yesterday, so he didn't come to school.
I don't understand what the author means here.
I don't understand what the author's saying here.
Tom was driving too fast on the bend and ended up in the ditch.
Tom took the bend too fast and landed in the ditch.
Tom was driving too fast on the corner and ended up in the ditch.
Tom took the corner too fast and landed in the ditch.
He's as talkative as ever.
He's exceptionally handsome.
She pretended not to hear what he said.
She pretended not to hear what he was saying.
She pretended she didn't hear what he said.
She pretended she didn't hear what he was saying.
"Are we disturbing you?" "No, not at all! Come and sit down."
The rain wasn't heavy enough to put out the fire.
The rain wasn't heavy enough to extinguish the fire.
We've got used to the cold.
We have got used to the cold.
We have become accustomed to the cold.
Have you pulled the plug out?
Did you pull the plug out?
Did you pull the plug out?
She was at his bedside for the whole time he was ill.
"How was your exam?" "So-so."
I forgot to close the windows.
She was ill yesterday.
He was ill yesterday.
Did you play tennis yesterday morning?
Did you play tennis yesterday morning?
Did you play tennis yesterday morning?
And now you want her to come back?
He slipped over on the ice.
You smell sweaty. Go and have a shower.
She married me last year.
We cleaned the bath.
My cat doesn't speak Spanish.
When are we going sunbathing?
Prick up your ears.
He didn't answer her question directly.
What was I about to say?
"My feet aren't so dirty as yours!" "But you can hardly call them clean!"
"My feet aren't so dirty as yours!" "You'd be hard-pressed to call them clean, though!"
"I met a friend for the first time yesterday who I'd got to know online." "Ah, this Tom fella you're always going on about." "That's the one!" "And how was it?" "He wasn't as good-looking as I thought he'd be."
He denies having met him.
I went swimming almost every day during the summer holidays.
I've never played football before.
Please tell me who you gave your old textbook to.
If I were you, I'd study.
If I was you, I'd study.
Why didn't I think of that earlier?
When I was at secondary school, I got up at six o'clock every morning.
Mary gave me a friendly nod.
He knows him very well.
When we arrived, it was already dark.
When we got there, it was already dark.
By the time we had arrived, it was already dark.
I would like a ticket to Trier.
Why's the cat in the doghouse?
Are you Jewish?
"Morning! There's snow outside!" "Seriously?"
You really should've come.
Tom and I go to the same secondary school.
Tom and I attend the same secondary school.
I attend the same secondary school as Tom.
I go to the same secondary school as Tom.
An icy wind blew into the room through the open window.
An icy wind was blowing into the room through the open window.
I'd like to have an early night tonight.
I'd like to go to bed early tonight.
I don't know why the meeting was postponed, either.
Can we meet tomorrow morning at nine?
Whose birthday was it yesterday?
French isn't Tom's native language.
Fred is flying to Europa on Monday.
Did you hear that? That was Mary. She slams the door like that when she's angry.
She knows neither me nor you.
Mr Miller is my son Tom's form teacher.
Mr Miller is the form teacher of my son Tom.
Who is your favorite photographer?
Who is your favourite photographer?
I am looking for my cat.
I have to work at it a little harder.
I need to go at it harder.
Ask her where he parked his car.
She knows nothing about her family.
I hate people that cut in lines.
I hate people cutting queues.
Be careful. It's slippery here.
Do you have hiking boots?
Do you wear pajamas when you're sleeping?
I've met him only once so far.
I've only met him once so far.
Up to now, I've met him only once.
His opinion coincides with ours.
His opinion matches ours.
His opinion squares with ours.
I don't remember who said that.
Reception in the cellar is very poor.
The reception in the cellar is really bad.
Let's leave that until tomorrow.
Let's leave that for tomorrow.
Anna has forgotten what it means to be happy.
I hardly ever go to the cinema.
The door opened, and a man came out.
She's no longer interested in me.
Do you have walking boots?
Have you got walking boots?
She wears a lot of jewellery.
She's wearing a lot of jewellery.
What did she ask you for?
Do you wear pyjamas when you sleep?
At the foot of the hill you'll see a white building.
I remember having read that novel before.
Roll the pastry into a rectangle.
Roll the dough into a rectangle.
Why did she ask you?
Brush your teeth before you go to sleep.
I remember having seen you somewhere before.
Her house isn't far from here.
I was often ill as a child.
When I was a kid, I was often ill.
Some of my classmates from primary school are already grandmothers and grandfathers.
Some of my classmates from primary school are already grandmothers and grandfathers.
Some of my classmates from primary school are already grandparents.
Some of my classmates from primary school are already grandparents.
Tom was so shy that he didn't even look at Mary when he asked her in a thin, barely audible voice whether she might possibly consider going to the cinema with him.
What's up? Why are you sad?
What's wrong? Why are you sad?
Could you turn the telly down a bit?
Could you turn the television down a bit?
We thought Tom was asleep.
The more you know, the less you understand.
Who's the man who spoke to you?
Tom attends state school.
Tom attends state school.
Tom goes to a state school.
Tom goes to a state school.
This is a state school.
Tom told me he didn't take French at secondary school.
Most of the pupils here go to school by bike.
Most of the pupils here bike to school.
Most of the pupils here cycle to school.
Mary, you've come at just the right time! Help me carry this sofa downstairs.
Marcus helped almost every day.
Do you have walking shoes?
Have you got walking shoes?
None of us dare take the lift to the top floor.
He is clearly the team's best player.
He's clearly the best player in the team.
Press the button, please.
I haven't got any cash. Can I write a cheque?
The only way I can eat porridge is with lots of sugar.
He's not a talkative person.
Don't you fear death?
Those women are doctors, not nurses.
Tom is a sports commentator.
Dog food is dear.
We need to turn right at the next junction.
We need to go right at the next junction.
We need to go right at the next turn.
We need to take the next right.
Have you got the report yet?
Have you got the report yet?
Do you have the report yet?
Do you have the report yet?
What time does the library close?
When does the library close?
Tomorrow's Tom's birthday.
Which way is the canteen?
Is the canteen open yet?
I'm on the way to hospital.
I'm on my way to hospital.
It starts at half past six.
It starts at 6.30.
Tom wasn't at all surprised to see me.
It's been more than ten years since we've seen him.
I am my struggles.
My battles make me who I am.
Ukraine's president is Jewish.
We should read the newspaper so as not to lag behind the times.
As he had no way of making fire, he ate the fish raw.
It has ceased raining.
Once gone, you will never get it back.
These are my grandmother's artificial teeth.
These are my grandmother's artificial teeth.
There is no reason that I should give up my plan.
His dress is that of a gentleman, but his speech and behavior are those of a clown.
She stood on the deck with her long hair waving in the wind.
She is evidently sick.
What's more, from now on you must remember that you cannot go to the seaside again (by believing forever that I have already found the biggest, best and most fitting one for me).
It can make some people, especially the elderly and infants, very ill.
Do you know how much love it takes for a woman to be undressed by a man, becoming nude in front of him?
We'll contact you by phone as soon as we arrive.
Not long after I joined the queue, a man approached and asked if I wanted a taxi.
Now it's official.
I’d certainly like to go and watch a film, but I’m not sure if I have time.
I won’t forgive you unless you apologise sincerely.
When they were in Leicester, it was obvious that they had a very warm relationship.
That's why I don't approve of your plan.
I am injured.
In Canada, they speak English and French.
I do not speak Japanese.
She's evidently sick.
I'm downloading this internet archive.
Write down the medications you need on this piece of paper.
Departure is a partial death but death in essence is not only departure.
I have HIV.
We'll meet in my office.
My child is ill.
My child is sick.
Do you suffer from diseases that require medication?
Will family or friends come to pick you up?
We help for free. If someone wants money from you, they are a scammer.
I don't speak your language, so just answer questions with “yes” or “no” only.
There is a room where children play. You can take your child there.
I will take you to a safe place.
These are the medicines I use.
Do you have family or friends in Poland?
Do you know the phone number of your relatives?
Do you speak Ukrainian or Russian?
I have been taking this medication for many years.
I've got asthma.
Write down the medicine you need on this piece of paper.
There is a children's playroom. You can take your child there.
I need to give you an injection.
I've been taking this medication for many years.
I am hurt.
Thanks, Tom.
She isn't hurt.
I am retired.
Who's eaten all the biscuits?
He was soaking wet from head to toe.
He was soaked from head to toe.
I don't understand what I'm saying.
I'm drinking with a few friends.
He's got to be here.
I want to go study at a Canadian university.
I should know.
I've been up for a while.
I've been awake for a while.
He committed multiple crimes.
He has committed multiple crimes.
Did you already forget all of it?
I want to pay by credit card.
Don't you dare.
Don't click on that link.
Unplug all the cables.
Your password has been changed.
You've got something on your lip.
I am a serf.
We would like to go shopping in the streets in the afternoon.
He said he wanted to come to me.
What do they want to know?
What can I find on this website?
Who would forbid such a thing?
Who would prohibit such a thing?
He is anxious to go.
He was anxious to go.
I miss Japanese food.
Vegetables can't talk.
It turned green.
My English is really bad.
I asked you to buy fish, not chicken!
I do this job not for the money, but rather for my happiness.
I'd like to see it again.
Did you really think I was going to help you?
Did you really think I was going to help you?
Ask her when she'll be back.
When did the petrol gauge stop working?
When did the fuel gauge stop working?
He's a friend of mine.
Sometimes that tired-out face of yours appears in front of my eyes.
Good morning, right now I have ice cream.
Sturgeons can sometimes live for over 50 years, growing so large that few predators hunt them.
All Tom needs is a little more time.
Is the weather hot today?
I think she's perfect.
We should head back.
I'd like to take another look.
"Mum, I'm going out." "Where to?" "University?" "Isn't it spring break now? What are you going there for?" "A club?" "Looking that smart?" "It's all right isn't it? It shouldn't matter where I go." "Fine, but you've got bed hair at the back." "Seriously?"
I've had enough of your anti-science poverty.
You're overthinking it!
You were overthinking it!
I'll eat two grapes and leave the rest for you.
She has as many books as her father does.
If it rains tomorrow, we won't go hiking.
If there were no Covid, I would travel around the world!
My older sister exercises every day to lose weight.
Pass me the book, please.
Tatoeba isn't a dictionary.
Tatoeba is not a dictionary.
If the bees do not work, the flowers will not bear fruit.
I like this wristwatch.
Start your own YouTube channel.
The king lives in the castle.
You can't avoid office politics.
My cell phone doesn't have any reception.
Have you bought a brand-new car?
Have you bought a brand-new car?
What do you do normally?
Are Russian and Ukrainian similar?
Sorry, I was taking a nap and didn't hear you ring the doorbell.
I'm at work, but my wife is at home.
Where's my package?
Dad, where's my glass?
Dad, where's my glass?
The things are in dad's car.
Both dad and mom are at home.
There is water in the glass.
There is water in the glass.
How was the weather yesterday in Beijing?
I'm not cold, thanks.
Don't sleep here. Go sleep inside.
No, this isn't my car.
Hello everyone! I am your Chinese teacher.
What happened to his daughter?
Yes, he lives here.
This is how many?
How many hanzi are there?
Alright, let's meet in a bit.
Earlier today you guys weren't at the hospital.
Today is Tuesday, what day is it tomorrow?
Old pal! Where are you working now?
No, I don't have a girlfriend.
Did you read any Spanish today?
Go drive your car to work.
What happened to your friend's daughter?
For how many days will you be staying in Beijing to study?
Do you know Mr Gao?
Do you know Mr Qian?
The moon knows how much I love you.
The moon is beautiful, isn't it?
I can barely think right now.
I'll ask Tom to help us.
I really shouldn't stay any longer.
Yesterday you broke the window.
In summer, I take a shower every morning.
Do you really think I would help you?
Did you really think I would help you?
Can I get to know you for a bit?
You are at school.
But you know, I have nothing aside from this.
Where is the nearest clinic?
Don't lie on the cement floor.
Don't sit on the cement floor.
I have to buy some new clothes next week.
Foxes are so adorable!
I suspect he's coming.
I suppose he's coming.
It hasn't rained.
I'm coming tonight.
A table for four, please.
Drink up. We've got to go.
Get yourself something to eat from the fridge.
I'd rather walk than stay on the bus.
You need to wear a helmet.
Sunlight sparkled on the lake.
It still hasn't rained.
It hasn't rained yet.
Foxes are so cute!
He's the one that works hardest in his class.
You bought a brand-new car?
He should be coming.
Mike makes about 300 yuan a day.
I don't have a name.
My English is so-so.
Sebatik Island is one of the boundary regions between Indonesia and Malaysia.
Sebatik Island is one of the regions where Indonesia and Malaysia share a border.
I've moved out already. Now I live alone.
I used to feel it dull.
I used to think this was boring.
Before, I thought this was boring.
When are you going back to Malaysia?
I'm going back to Malaysia next week.
Why won't you go to school?
Why aren't you going to school?
Why are you learning Cantonese?
Why is judo the best choice for your child?
We were at school yesterday.
Our friend lost his mother.
Our friend lost her mother.
Our friend lost their mother.
Were you at school yesterday?
I go to Ankara University.
I finished high school last year.
I was three years old when Windows XP was released.
I live in the Anatolian side of Istanbul.
I live in the European side of Istanbul.
She speaks Kadazan and also speaks Cantonese.
Did you drink water today?
I'm waiting for her to answer me.
Don't associate yourself with people that give up easily.
Don't associate yourself with people that easily give up.
Don't hang out with people that easily give up.
This battery is going to run out.
This battery is about to run out of juice.
I don't need your verbal gentleness.
I gave up smoking for the sake of my health.
Please keep the classroom tidy.
There's nothing I can do now.
Perhaps it won't be long before I see you.
Perhaps it won't be long before I meet you.
What has Tom come here to do?
This part was easy.
Nobody loves him.
No one loves him.
I will send you to Jesus.
The head of the World Health Organization said Monday he will begin an independent evaluation of the U.N. health agency’s response to the coronavirus pandemic “at the earliest appropriate moment.”
He is very wise.
I can't eat anymore.
A promise between friends naturally will be carried out to the end.
"She's not only beautiful but also humorous." "Can she cook?" "Who cares?"
I know a bit about calligraphy.
"The Internet was so innocent back then, wasn't it?" "No, it wasn't."
Sorry for calling you by mistake.
I relax while listening to classical music.
26 percent of American Jews have difficulty paying bills; this includes 55 percent of those making under $50,000 per year.
I thought I traveled to Japan, but the locals kept telling me I was in Ohio.
Thanks to your recommendation, Tom got that job.
Tom forgot his coat downstairs.
I haven't seen my girl in a long time.
Youth has its own culture.
You need to create two new categories
Choose a suitable satellite image as the base map
She and her fiancée are together for so long, they are ready to get married.
As a child, he loved to swim.
My mobile doesn't have any reception.
My mobile hasn't got a signal.
My mobile hasn't got any signal.
The majority of people are quite indifferent.
I've got nothing to do, so I'm writing some sentences for other people to learn.
Mr. Zhu's appointment is around 8:30. Until then, please wait here.
Grandma Ling died with unfinished business. It is said that to this day no one has dared to live in that house.
My maid is amazing.
I don't like dirty animals. Especially those animals that smear urine on their bodies.
How dare you say that that temple is a ruined temple...aren't you afraid of being struck by lightning?
Still want a quilt?
She is my boss and also my best friend.
Looks like these so-called painters can't paint anything.
Tom's a good fellow.
Youth is an asset.
Not needed at the moment, thank you.
Are there really people like this?
Do you watch the news?
She decided to move to Belgium.
Where do I need to go?
I went to the store.
Can I smoke?
Coming!
Here I come!
Your back door was open.
You are ridiculous!
I read this book two years ago.
I thought that was embarrassing.
Do you have Skype?
What a bastard!
What a sucker!
What a dumbass!
How long have you been learning Dutch?
Why do you want to learn Dutch?
She doesn't talk.
They're chatting.
His toy is blue.
His toys are blue.
Tell me a good story.
She needs to eat.
We're done!
I'm drooling.
Don't be wrong.
How did they meet?
How did they get to know each other?
How did they get to know one another?
You lack the most important thing at your age, which is love.
The kitchen is not clean.
The elephant is big.
No one was injured by the bomb.
You are definitely hungry.
It is raining cats and dogs
